GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX WELCOME TABLE OF CONTENTS Sustainability is about operating responsibly About Protect a Healthy Environment 50 to deliver long-term impact.
At Abbott, we re Chairman and CEO Letter 03 Our Approach to a Healthy Environment 51 strengthening the resilience of our company so we About Abbott 04 Energy and Emissions 53 can continue to shape the future of healthcare   Realizing Our Purpose 05 Protecting Water Resources 56 to help more people live better, healthier lives.
Our 2030 Sustainability Plan 06 Waste Management 59 Progress Against Our 2030 Sustainability Plan 07 Packaging 62 In this report, we detail our progress against the Supporting Our Global Communities 22 Responsible Sourcing and Product Stewardship 63 goals of our 2030 Sustainability Plan.
The data Sustainability Governance 24 presented reflects 2022 performance unless Quality Management 64 otherwise stated.
Innovate for Access and Affordability 26 Our Commitment to Quality 65 Our Approach to Access and Affordability 27 Quality Embedded Throughout Our Business 66 We have aligned our reporting with the Access and Affordability Through Product Innovation 28 requirements of leading environmental, social, and Transforming Care 30 Create a Resilient, Diverse, and governance (ESG) ratings and sustainability indices Advancing Health Equity 32 Responsible Supply Chain 69 (available in the Appendix), seeking stakeholder Supply Chain Management 70 feedback to drive continuous improvement.
Responsibly Connect Data, Technology, and Care 34 Strengthening the Supply Chain 75 Responsible Data Management and Privacy 35 Governance and Business Ethics 79 Build the Diverse, Innovative Workforce Corporate Governance and Board Oversight 80 of Tomorrow 38 Ethics and Integrity 83 Our Approach to Building Tomorrow s Workforce 39 Compliance 84 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 43 Corruption and Anti-Bribery 87 Employee Well-Being 45 Protecting Our People, Products, and Brands 88 Financial and Retirement Benefits 46 Public Policy Engagement 89 Employee Health and Safety 47 Human Rights 49 Endnotes 90 Appendix 91 On the cover: In 2021, Abbott established an ongoing A Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements: Some statements in this report may be forward-looking partnership with Real Madrid and the Real Madrid statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Abbott cautions that these forward- Foundation, working together to educate, support, nourish, looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those and develop kids around the world across all geographies, indicated in the forward-looking statements.
Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors cultures, and backgrounds.
In July 2022, we hosted a that may affect Abbott s operations are discussed in Item 1A,  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the youth soccer clinic in Stockton, California, reinforcing the year ended Dec.
31, 2022, and are incorporated herein by reference.
Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly importance of regular exercise as part of a healthy life.
any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.
02 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX DEAR ABBOTT technologies easier to use and available to more of the people who need them in more places around the STAKEHOLDER world.
This is how we intend to meet our ambitious goal of helping 3 billion people annually by 2030, an increase of 50% over the course of our Plan.
This is Abbott s 135th anniversary year, which speaks to our relationship to sustainability.
We Our aim is not just to serve more people, but to do so understand, and deeply value, the stewardship better than ever before.
Our Abbott Customer Pledge mentality and commitment needed to support commits us to  make our products and services as if resilience and thriving for the long term.
they re for our own families.
Abbott people take that obligation seriously and personally.
That history, and the culture that has made it possible, were critical to Abbott s successful At Abbott, we carry our purpose of helping people live navigation of the global environment over the fuller lives through better health into our efforts to aid three years of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Our communities in need around the world, for example: company was built for moments like this one.
The   For more than two decades, we ve partnered with result of our long experience and deep expertise the government of Tanzania to strengthen the was the rapid creation of 12 different COVID-19 country s healthcare system.
diagnostic tests to help the world meet its most   Our Future Well Communities program works severe health challenge in a century.
with partners in Stockton, California to remove barriers that prevent people with diabetes from While COVID-19 is moving to the endemic level, living healthy lives.
it leaves us a health agenda for the future.
The   And we ve provided almost $16 million in aid to pandemic forcefully demonstrated the long-standing people impacted by the war in Ukraine.
challenges in our global health systems.
Disparities in access to care widened dramatically and undeniably, It s this belief in our purpose that keeps our company underscoring the need for action to close these gaps.
strong and growing through generations of success.
We re inspired by our vision of a better, healthier Addressing this need is the primary focus of Abbott s future, and determined to keep Abbott at the 2030 Sustainability Plan, which we created before forefront of healthcare for the next 135 years.
COVID-19 highlighted it so vividly.
While Abbott is advancing its performance across the ESG spectrum, Thank you for your support of our work.
we recognize that our greatest opportunity to impact the world s future lies in improving the health of the greatest number of people.
To do so, we re very consciously innovating for Robert B. Ford access and affordability.
We ve implemented CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER Design Principles to make our new products and JUNE 22, 2023 03 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX ABOUT ABBOTT RECOGNIZED PERFORMANCE Abbott is dedicated to helping TODAY, OUR PORTFOLIO INCLUDES: people live their best lives through Wall Street Journal Management better health.
Top 250 Companies Ranked #36 with  5 star  ratings in We believe a sustainable future starts D iagnostics systems Medical devices that use the innovation and social responsibility with health.
and tests performed in most advanced technologies laboratories, at the patient s to keep hearts and arteries Newsweek America s 2023 For 135 years, we ve been improving bedside, in doctors  offices, healthy, treat chronic pain and Most Responsible Companies people s health at all ages and stages or the home that provide movement disorders, and give #12 out of 500 companies of life   tackling some of the world s information to support better people with diabetes more most pressing health problems with our and more timely decisions for freedom and less pain.
S&P Global ESG Corporate innovative products and technologies.
people and their doctors.
Sustainability Assessment (CSA) Highest score of any company in the Healthcare Equipment and Supplies industry (December 2022) Medicines that help people Nutrition products that DiversityInc s Top 50 Companies in emerging markets get build and maintain health and for Diversity and stay healthy.
strength from infancy onward.
19 consecutive years in 2022 Fast Company s Most Innovative Companies in Sports in 2022 2022 ABBOTT IN NUMBERS 2022 Prix Galien Golden Jubilee Award Abbott s FreeStyle Libre was named the $43.7B 51 160+ best medical technology in the last 50 years total 2022 revenue years of increasing dividends countries where Abbott is present by the Galien Foundation 8.5% 115,000 $2.9B dividend increase in 2022 employees investment in R&D 04 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX REALIZING OUR PURPOSE OUR IMPACT IN 2022 Our goal is simple: to help people live their fullest lives >2B through better health.
lives improved due to Abbott products and services1 OUR CORE VALUES $30.6M Four core values guide how we support this purpose every day: in products donated $27.2M donated through the Abbott Fund, Abbott s philanthropic foundation Pioneering Caring We see needs first and deliver game-changing We treat the people who depend on us as if 41% solutions.
We create new technologies and they were our family.
Dr. Wallace Abbott began products to help people live fuller lives through our company to provide better care to his own of global management positions better health, and we bring that same spirit of patients.
That spirit still guides everything we do.
filled by women innovation to everything we do as a company.
5% absolute reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions in 2022 (vs.
2018 baseline)2 29M Achieving Enduring We focus relentlessly on delivering for our We know that everything we do today should pounds of packaging impacted through stakeholders.
Abbott is all about execution.
contribute to a stronger tomorrow.
Because sustainable design programs Millions of people around the world depend our work is so important to so many, it s up on us in vital ways.
We re committed to to us to help ensure that this company keeps honoring that trust.
thriving.
That s why we think and act for the long term.
We intend to be here for the next 135 years, bringing all the benefits that Abbott creates to all the people who need them.
05 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX OUR 2030 SUSTAINABILITY PLAN Launched in 2020, our 2030 Sustainability OUR PRIORITY Plan priorities and supporting goals focus INNOVATE FOR ACCESS on helping more people, in more places, AND AFFORDABILITY live their healthiest possible lives.
They also guide us in embedding sustainability into everything we do to Make access and Transform care for Advance health equity help ensure that Abbott remains relevant affordability core chronic disease, through partnership.
and resilient into the future.
to new product malnutrition, and innovation.
infectious diseases.
Our goal is to improve the lives of SUSTAINABILITY IN EVERYTHING WE DO 3 billion people a year by decade s Build the Responsibly Create a Protect end   reaching 1 billion more than diverse, connect data, resilient, diverse, a healthy we did in 2020.
innovative technology, and responsible environment.
workforce and care.
supply chain.
of tomorrow.
06 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX PROGRESS AGAINST OUR 2030 SUSTAINABILITY PLAN INNOVATE FOR ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY Central to the success of our Sustainability Plan is our focus on innovating for access and affordability.
Our 2030 goals guide the delivery and democratization of these life-changing technologies and products.
2030 GOAL PROGRESS AND NOTES Make access and affordability core to new product innovation Integrate access and affordability and data insights as design principles into our R&D   More than 2 billion lives improved* due to Abbott s products and services.
work and portfolio.
Integrated our Innovate for Access and Affordability Design Principles into our R&D processes across all businesses, evolving the way we develop and bring technologies to people who need them.
Introduced the FreeStyle Libre 3 system in the United States, the most accurate 14-day continuous glucose monitor.
Designed for access and affordability, the FreeStyle Libre 3 system will be available at the same price as previous versions, which is about one-third the cost of other competing continuous glucose monitoring systems available today.
Launched an improved version of our NeuroSphere myPath digital health app, helping doctors more easily access data and improve their patients  response to therapy.
The FDA approved the Eterna spinal cord stimulation system, the smallest implantable, rechargeable spinal cord stimulator currently available for the treatment of chronic pain.
Eterna can be recharged less than five times a year under normal use, making it the lowest recharge burden platform available.
The FDA approved an expanded indication for the CardioMEMS HF System, meaning that an additional 1.2 million U.S. patients who have earlier-stage heart failure have the potential to use advanced monitoring with the CardioMEMS sensor, which provides an early warning system for worsening heart failure.
* Total number of lives improved was adjusted for indirect overlap between businesses using a binomial probability model, and only adjusted for direct overlap within a business where data is currently available to support the adjustment.
07 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX INNOVATE FOR ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY (CONTINUED) 2030 GOAL PROGRESS AND NOTES Transform care for chronic disease, malnutrition, and infectious diseases Support global efforts to address noncommunicable diseases, including diabetes   Announced our collaboration with WeightWatchers (WW International Inc.) through which and cardiovascular disease.
we ll work together to allow our FreeStyle Libre continuous glucose monitoring systems and   Innovate to transform the standard of care for diabetes and support efforts to the WeightWatchers mobile app to share information so that people living with diabetes can bend the diabetes curve through innovative technology, prevention and education, see their glucose data alongside WeightWatchers  diabetes-tailored program.
early diagnosis, treatment, and nutrition.
Delivered the Future Well Kids program to more than 2,000 students across five countries.
Deliver breakthrough technologies, improve clinical outcomes, and impact the lives Performed 310 in-person/virtual visits to 73 classrooms and offered a virtual field trip.
of people with or at risk of cardiovascular disease.
Partnered with University of the Pacific to develop a sub-specialization in diabetes management within their social work and nursing schools, and provided scholarships for those students committed to working in Stockton, California, post-graduation.
Sponsored a pilot initiative designed by the American Diabetes Association with the goal of reducing health inequities and barriers to tools and technology for diabetes management regardless of income level or insurance status.
Established the Center for Malnutrition Solutions, a global partnership that focuses on addressing global malnutrition through gathering real-world evidence and applying sustainable, resilient models that address local needs and work to improve access to care.
Deliver scalable, integrated solutions to help reduce preventable deaths and   Received regulatory approvals for Panbio HIV SELF TEST in 14 countries.
Rapid self-tests infectious diseases (malaria, hepatitis B/C, HIV, COVID-19, and others) with enable fast, private, convenient, and accurate testing, enabling people to start treatment diagnostics, treatment, and education programs, especially in high-prevalence areas.
earlier.
HIV self-testing increases patient autonomy, combats stigma, and can help increase overall testing for HIV.
The Abbott Pandemic Defense Coalition, a global network dedicated to identifying emerging viral threats to help prevent future pandemics, expanded its geographic footprint with six new sites: two in the U.S., plus Egypt, Pakistan, Peru, and Sierra Leone.
We also contributed to SARS-CoV-2 surveillance, mpox (formerly known as monkeypox) prototype test development, hepatitis biomarker research, national serosurveys, and hepatitis elimination studies.
We were recognized in feature stories in both Bloomberg and TIME magazine, as well as in a Science magazine supplement issue.
We are a founding member of the Coalition for Global Hepatitis Elimination, contributing funding to create the Hepatitis C Evaluations to Amplify Testing and Treatment (HEAT) program.
The program aims to help scale hepatitis testing to meet global elimination goals.
08 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX INNOVATE FOR ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY (CONTINUED) 2030 GOAL PROGRESS AND NOTES Advance health equity through partnership Expand affordable access to healthcare for underserved, diverse, and at-risk   Through social investing, shared value, and Abbott Fund programs, provided decentralized communities, including women and children, by delivering innovative, decentralized healthcare services, helping more than 1 million people access healthcare close to where they live.
models of care that advance prevention and early diagnosis, improve nutrition,   With support from the Abbott Fund, we launched the Project on Education and provide quality treatment and care, and lower total costs.
Community Health Equity   part of Easterseals Black Child Fund   which aims to address barriers to quality education and healthcare experienced by children and families in under-invested communities.
As part of our ongoing partnership with the Tanzanian government, we completed the first models for emergency care at a district hospital emergency department and at a village emergency dispensary.
To date, we have helped serve approximately 1.2 million patients in Tanzania.
We shifted our disaster response strategy to a  disaster resilience  strategy by providing new  resiliency  grants to four food banks and four health clinics, helping them better prepare for future needs.
Established a Diversity in Research Office to further Abbott s focus on driving diversity within Abbott s own clinical trials and improving access to care and innovative therapy options among underrepresented populations.
Collaborating with Norton Healthcare, Barnett International, and Women as One to develop clinical research infrastructure models for underserved communities and deliver skills training to more physicians, researchers, and clinical research coordinators from diverse communities.
Provided funding to help build three new hospitals in Ukraine.
These facilities are now equipped and have provided critical services to more than 45,000 people.
Partner with stakeholders to improve health outcomes by advancing standards   Integrated our Future Well Kids curriculum into our partnership with the Real Madrid and building access to affordable, integrated solutions.
Foundation (RMF).
Trained 350 RMF coaches in nine countries and reached more than 12,300 children.
Supported launch of the National Association of Community Health Centers (NACHC) Innovation Incubator, aiming to improve health equity by creating innovative solutions to health and digital literacy challenges.
Continued our partnership with the Rwandan Ministry of Health and the Society for Family Health in Rwanda to increase access to primary care in rural areas for over 387,000 individuals.
Capacity building has enabled treatment of respiratory infections and intestinal parasites, addressing more than 240,000 cases.
Additionally, over 79,000 routine malaria tests were administered with over 22,000 cases resolved.
In 2022, provided support for health workforce capacity building, enabling 153 health post workers to receive training.
09 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX SUSTAINABILITY IN EVERYTHING WE DO Our 2030 goals also guide actions in our other key areas, including our people, partners, supply chain, and environment.
This holistic approach is enabling us to build a more sustainable and resilient business in uncertain times.
2030 GOAL PROGRESS AND NOTES Build the diverse, innovative workforce of tomorrow Provide 1 million development and job opportunities for current and   Created over 346,000 development and job opportunities for current and future employees future employees.
in 2022, bringing our total to over 509,000 since the launch of our 2030 plan.
2 Create opportunities in Abbott s STEM programs and internships for more than   Created over 47,000 STEM opportunities for young people, 64% for people from 100,000 young people, including 50% from underrepresented groups.
underrepresented groups in 2022, bringing our total to over 71,000 since the launch of our 2030 plan.
2   Launched the HBCU Cybersecurity Industry Collaboration Initiative Pilot with Advancing Minorities  Interest in Engineering (AMIE) and four Historically Black Colleges and Universities (Hampton University, North Carolina A&T State University, Prairie View A&M University, and Virginia State University).
Expanded our high school STEM internship program into four additional countries   Saudi Arabia, Costa Rica, India, and Canada   bringing the total to eight countries.
Launched a new skilled-trades apprenticeship program in the U.S. to support electrical, mechanical, and other critical operations/manufacturing roles.
Continue to drive diversity and inclusion strategies that create a meaningful   We continued to work toward building a more inclusive culture, achieving: employee experience and advance Abbott s culture to:   41% of global management positions filled by women2   Achieve gender balance across our global management team with at least   45% female representation in STEM roles2 45% female representation   35% of leadership roles in the U.S. held by people from underrepresented groups2   Achieve gender balance in STEM roles with at least 45% female representation   Approximately 96% of our people leaders have participated in the Leading With Impact   Ensure one-third of our leadership roles are held by people from underrepresented training program, which helps develop stronger managers who cultivate more inclusive teams.
groups by 2025   All Abbott corporate officers, including our Chairman and CEO, carry a Human Capital   Continue to drive 100% leadership accountability by tying executive compensation Metrics goal.
to diversity 10 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX SUSTAINABILITY IN EVERYTHING WE DO (CONTINUED) 2030 GOAL PROGRESS AND NOTES Build the diverse, innovative workforce of tomorrow (continued) Anticipate Abbott s future workforce needs and achieve talent readiness.
Designed and piloted courses on data-driven decision-making to increase data acumen and agility to adapt to the new world of work.
Created an on-demand learning path focused on digital mindset to increase the readiness of our workforce.
Developed and implemented a nine-week custom-designed Software Engineering Training program to prepare participants to succeed in this field.
The program includes mentoring, weekly feedback, and an advisory board with software engineer leadership.
Maintain or improve rates of internal succession for leadership roles.
88% of leadership roles filled based on succession plan.
2 Fill 50% of targeted new jobs with internal talent by upskilling, cross-skilling,   46% of targeted new jobs filled internally.
2 and creating learning opportunities.
Continue to provide industry-leading programs that help people achieve their   Launched Spring Health, Abbott s new mental health benefit for U.S. employees and personal health and well-being.
their families.
Introduced flexible benefits program in Turkey.
Employees can select from a list of optional benefits beyond our core medical and insurance offerings.
Implemented a digital primary care clinic for all employees in Brazil, to improve access to medical care and management of chronic conditions.
Support financial security of employees by helping those with college debt   Over $1.7 million total Freedom 2 Save employer contributions to participant retirement save for retirement, expanding Abbott s Freedom 2 Save program by providing accounts were made in 2022, bringing our total to over $5.5 million total employer $10 million in matching contributions to participants  retirement accounts.
contributions since program inception in 2019.2   Our Student Loan Payback Program helps Abbott employees in the Netherlands pay off student loans, making it easier to build financial strength.
30,000 euros (approximately $32,702) in employer contributions have been paid to 20 employee participants since program inception in 2020.
11 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX SUSTAINABILITY IN EVERYTHING WE DO (CONTINUED) 2030 GOAL PROGRESS AND NOTES Responsibly connect data, technology, and care Be a trusted healthcare leader in secure and responsible data collection, use,   For customers and consumers: Developed and published updated global privacy principles.
management, and privacy, in order to protect our patients and customers, Achieved 16 ISO/SOC 2 cybersecurity certifications for key connected Abbott products, empower them to make better, more complete decisions about their health including Merlin.net, CardioMEMS, and NeuroSphere Virtual Clinic, providing third-party and drive innovation through insights and analytics.
validation of our security controls.
Also launched customer cybersecurity portal to provide healthcare delivery organizations direct access to key cybersecurity information on Abbott products.
For employees: Enhanced cybersecurity awareness among general employees through key training initiatives and tools, including online modules, phishing simulations, and centrally reporting suspicious emails.
And rolled out threat-modeling training for product technical resources and a cyber technical training path.
For industry: Created and launched the Abbott Medical Device Cybersecurity Council to gain external perspective from expert advisors, including Chief Information Officers (CIOs), Chief Information Security Officers (CISOs), and healthcare providers.
Also held a leadership role on the Health Sector Coordinating Council and actively served in other key external cybersecurity and privacy working groups focused on collaboration, standards, and best practice sharing among industry, government, and academia, including the World Economic Forum s Digital Trust Framework, Health-ISAC, and the Medical Device Innovation Consortium.
Create a resilient, diverse, and responsible supply chain Certify that 80% of newly contracted direct material spends are linked   We embed social responsibility clauses in applicable procurement contracts detailing our to contracts that incorporate social responsibility requirements.
values and expectation that vendors comply with our Supplier Guidelines and remediate identified issues.
Ensure ethical sourcing from all suppliers with high-risk sustainability factors   88% of direct material suppliers by spend screened for inherent sustainability risk in 2022.
through 100% auditing.
260 at-risk suppliers engaged through desktop assessments to evaluate sustainability risks and opportunities in 2022.
74 suppliers engaged for sustainability risk through audits in 2022.
12 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX SUSTAINABILITY IN EVERYTHING WE DO (CONTINUED) 2030 GOAL PROGRESS AND NOTES Create a resilient, diverse, and responsible supply chain (continued) Ensure an inclusive environment by increasing spending with diverse and small   88% spend increase from the 2020 baseline with diverse and small businesses.
* businesses 50% by 2030, and Black- and women-owned businesses 150%   130% spend increase from the 2020 baseline with Black- and women-owned businesses.
* by 2025, from a 2020 baseline.
Deployed $2.4 million of the $37.5 million pledged in growth capital and small business loans to diverse small businesses through our collaboration with Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) since March 2022.
Partnered with WEConnect International to expand Abbott s global Supplier Diversity Program in Europe, Middle East and Africa, Latin America, and Asia-Pacific.
Protect a healthy environment Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions by 30% from 2018 baseline   5% absolute reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions in 2022 (vs.
2018 baseline).
2 by the end of 2030, consistent with the objectives of the Science Based Targets   Abbott s Scope 1 and 2 science-based target was approved by the SBTi in September 2022.
initiative (SBTi).
80 projects completed, resulting in about 7,000 metric tons of annualized emission reductions.
Abbott commits that 82% of its suppliers by emissions covering purchased goods   Approximately 30% of our suppliers by emissions covering purchased goods and services and and services and upstream transportation and distribution will have science-based upstream transportation and distribution have science-based targets.
20 targets by 2026.
Abbott s Scope 3 science-based target was approved by the SBTi in September 2022.
Achieve water stewardship certification at all high-water-impact manufacturing   Abbott Granada in Spain and Abbott Temecula in the U.S. are Alliance for Water sites in water-stressed areas.
Stewardship (AWS) Core Certified Sites.
** Implement accredited water stewardship management practices in more than   Abbott s accredited water stewardship management practices were finalized in 2022, 75% of all manufacturing sites operating in water-stressed areas.
incorporating feedback from subject matter experts across Abbott.
All manufacturing sites in water-stressed areas not classified as high impact completed efforts to implement Phase 1 of the accredited water stewardship management practices.
* Supplier diversity key performance indicators (KPIs) are calculated using the U.S. government fiscal year (October 1   September 30).
Spend data is for U.S. and Puerto Rico for 2022 reporting.
** For more information visit a4ws.org/certification.
13 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX SUSTAINABILITY IN EVERYTHING WE DO (CONTINUED) 2030 GOAL PROGRESS AND NOTES Protect a healthy environment (continued) Work with 50 key suppliers in high water-stressed areas to reduce water quality   29 suppliers operating in water-intense industries and sourcing to Abbott from and quantity risks to Abbott and the community.
water-stressed areas assessed to determine water management maturity and water risk engagement opportunities.
31% of water-stressed suppliers assessed have set quantitative objectives.
Five supplier engagements initiated to reduce water quality and quantity risks to Abbott and the community.
Address 50 million pounds of packaging through high-impact sustainable   29.6 million pounds of packaging impacted through sustainable design programs in design programs that: 2020 2022.
This includes:   Employ circularity principles through smart design and material selection   1.4 million pounds of packaging transitioned to more circular options annually   Eliminate and reduce materials   28.2 million pounds of material eliminated or reduced annually   Improve the energy efficiency of Abbott s products   Optimize packaging, pallet, and truckload efficiency Reduce waste impacts using a circular economy approach, to achieve and maintain   90% waste diversion rate.
at least a 90% diversion rate.
In 2022, two manufacturing facilities and four non-manufacturing facilities received Zero Waste-to-Landfill certification.
This brings our total Zero Waste-to-Landfill sites to 51 facilities certified since our program began in 2012.
Engage with key suppliers to reduce the environmental impact of materials sent   A group of identified key suppliers engaged to reduce the environmental impact of materials to Abbott that become waste in our operations and develop and track supplier sent to Abbott that become waste.
waste diversion initiatives.
14 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX AFFORDABLE, ACCESSIBLE DIABETES CARE WITH FREESTYLE LIBRE 3 GOAL Innovate for access and affordability: Make access and affordability core to new product innovation With FreeStyle Libre 3, we re bringing the world s most widely used continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) technology to more people with the smallest3,4 and most accurate 14-day glucose sensor.
Available in Europe since 2020, and cleared by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 2022 for use by people four years and older living with diabetes,5 this innovative technology enables people to:   Manage their health in real time   the sensor automatically sends minute-by-minute glucose readings directly to a person s smartphone   Connect to the FreeStyle Libre digital ecosystem for remote monitoring   Set up alerts for serious medical events6 The system is available at the same price as previous generations7   but at one-third the cost of other CGM systems available today.
FreeStyle Libre 3 is a smaller and more discreet sensor with a one-piece applicator.
It uses 40% less plastic and requires 43% less carton paper than previous FreeStyle Libre systems.
15 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX IDENTIFYING EMERGING HEALTH THREATS GOAL Innovate for access and affordability: Transform care for chronic disease, malnutrition, and infectious diseases Viruses never stop   and neither can we.
From Omicron variant surges to mpox (formerly known as monkeypox) cases and high rates of RSV (respiratory syncytial virus), the power of viruses and their ability to disrupt our world is evident.
That s why the Abbott Pandemic Defense Coalition (APDC) was established in 2021   to stop viruses before they stop us.
The coalition, which builds on Abbott s decades-long viral surveillance efforts, is a first-of-its-kind, industry-led partnership that includes 20 scientific and public health organizations on five different continents to identify, track, and respond to known and emerging viral threats to help prevent the next pandemic.
During 2022, representatives from the coalition were invited to the White House to discuss the issue of mpox and how Abbott could help expedite test production to monitor the spread.
We received FDA emergency authorization for mpox tests in the U.S. in October 2022, making Abbott the first company with an authorized test against the pathogen.
APDC partners Karl Ciuoderis, Ph.D., of the One Health Genomic Lab Universidad Nacional de Colombia (left) and Jorge Osorio, DVM, Ph.D., of the University of Wisconsin-Madison (right) checking a mosquito trap as part of a study examining the ways viruses move from animals to people.
16 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX INCREASING REPRESENTATION IN CLINICAL TRIALS GOAL Innovate for access and affordability: Advance health equity through partnership People from diverse racial, ethnic, and cultural backgrounds are disproportionately impacted by some chronic conditions but are underrepresented in clinical trials.
This impedes access to life- changing and life-saving treatments, and limits insights into group responses to new therapies.
In 2022, we established a Diversity in Research Office to help standarize our approach to ensuring diverse representation in our own clinical trials when we can.
We also partnered with Norton Healthcare to develop clinical research infrastructure models for underserved communities.
And to increase representation and support diverse clinical trialists, we are expanding training for diverse physicians and trial leaders by partnering with Women as One to deliver skills training to female cardiologists.
Approximately 40 doctors have participated in the organization s CLIMB training program.
In 2021, we committed $5 million in scholarships to HBCUs and minority nursing schools.
In 2022, we awarded over 50 scholarships.
More information on how we re advancing health Eunice Givens talks with her doctor, equity can be found on page 32.
vascular surgeon Katherine Kane, M.D., in Fort Worth, Texas.
17 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX ADVANCING DIVERSE CYBERSECURITY TALENT GOAL Sustainability in everything we do: Build the diverse, innovative workforce of tomorrow Skilled cybersecurity workers are critical to ensuring the security of our enterprise, as well as that of the products and technologies we provide to help people live better, healthier lives.
At Abbott, we understand that cybersecurity professionals need to represent a wide swath of the population to adequately address the challenges facing the field; that s why we joined the HBCU Cybersecurity Industry Collaboration Initiative Pilot, a partnership between Abbott, Raytheon, Microsoft, and four HBCUs designed to advance cybersecurity curricula and the development of diverse talent for growing industry demand.
This pilot program represents just one part of the wider AMIE mission  a nonprofit coalition of corporations, government agencies, and 15 HBCU schools of engineering8 of which Abbott is a founding member.
Following a successful launch with four HBCUs, Abbott will continue supporting the initiative as it expands to the others.
More information on how Abbott is creating a pipeline of more diverse talent within research can be found on page 43.
Jordan Owens (left) and Olaoluwa (Ola) Olalumade (right) were the first two interns at Abbott from our AMIE cybersecurity collaboration program.
18 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX STRENGTHENING CONNECTED-CARE TECHNOLOGIES GOAL Sustainability in everything we do: Responsibly connect data, technology, and care Connected technologies are key to enabling continuous monitoring capabilities, remote control of healthcare solutions, and improved health outcomes.
For patients living in remote areas, these technologies can also greatly increase access to care while reducing their carbon footprint by eliminating the need to travel to receive treatments.
In 2022, Abbott launched the next generation of our NeuroSphere myPath digital health app to improve communication between patients and their doctors as they trial Abbott neurostimulation devices.
This enhanced functionality creates a virtual environment for patients to share responses to chronic pain treatment with their doctors   specifically spinal cord stimulation and dorsal root ganglion therapy devices.
NeuroSphere myPath puts people back in control of their health, bringing greater visibility to progress and pain- relief response.
Find out more about how we are using data and Alexandra Brandt RN, BSN, a product manager in technology to advance healthcare solutions on Abbott s Neuromodulation business, demonstrates page 34.
our NeuroSphere myPath digital health app, which helps doctors more closely track their patients as they evaluate Abbott neurostimulation devices to address their chronic pain.
19 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX COLLABORATING FOR SUPPLIER DIVERSITY GOAL Sustainability in everything we do: Create a resilient, diverse, and responsible supply chain In 2022, we announced a collaboration with LISC, a nonprofit committed to connecting under- invested people and places to private resources.
Starting in 2022, we pledged $37.5 million in investments for diverse small business in the U.S., splitting funding across growth capital grants, business loans, and technical assistance.
To date, we have engaged with over 370 businesses through the initiative and have invested $2.4 million in growth capital and loans to diverse businesses.
In addition, LISC s efforts have translated into 20 jobs created and 57 jobs retained for people in under-resourced communities.
Our funds have made it possible for LISC to support TDG Scientific   a Black-, woman-owned business supplying laboratory equipment, chemicals, personal protective equipment (PPE), and other items to the corporate and government sectors.
Through a $100,000 LISC working capital loan and $140,000 growth capital investment, TDG is able to invest in its IT infrastructure to achieve full integration across various management systems.
This funding will enable TDG to double the size of its bid department and pursue significantly more contracts.
Abbott leaders Monica Armstrong Billinger, Director, Global Supplier Diversity & Sustainability (left) and Bhavin Patel, Manager, Supplier Read more about how we re working to strengthen Diversity (right) connecting with Artura Taylor, Founder of TDG our supply chain on page 75.
Scientific (center) during the Healthcare Industries Group session at the annual conference of the Women s Business Enterprise National Council.
20 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX LIGHTWEIGHT BinaxNOW PACKAGING GOAL Sustainability in everything we do: Protect a healthy environment Part of optimizing our packaging is finding ways to do more with less material.
In 2022, we initiated a total package redesign to reduce package weight and materials, as well as improve transport efficiency.
Abbott s Rapid Diagnostics business launched the BinaxNOW home-use COVID-19 test kit under extraordinary circumstances in December 2020.
Its packaging has since been optimized and is now up to 27% smaller and 58% lighter.
The team achieved this by:   Consolidating two information sheets into one   Eliminating a high-impact polystyrene tray   Resizing the paperboard carton and corrugated case With more than 497 million BinaxNOW tests manufactured in 2022, these changes eliminated approximately 26.7 million pounds of packaging,* including more than 9.8 million pounds of plastic.
* Savings based on annualized reductions.
21 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX SUPPORTING the Abbott Fund, we re providing scholarships for For more examples of the program in action, Stockton residents committed to working in their see the Advancing Health Equity section.
OUR GLOBAL communities post-graduation, to build a pipeline of diverse, local healthcare professionals.
BOOSTING BLOOD DONATIONS COMMUNITIES On World Blood Donor Day, Abbott supported In 2022, the second cohort of 10 Master of Social blood drives in 10 U.S. locations to help address Work (MSW) scholars graduated, with nine the national blood shortage exacerbated by We are committed to serving the scholars from the first cohort currently employed COVID-19.
Through these drives, more than communities where we live and work, in Stockton.
The first cohort of nursing scholars 2,000 lives were impacted.
In August, we hosted supporting them with expertise, products, will graduate in May 2024.
Since 2019, 35 MSW two blood drives with Chipotle   one in their and nursing students have received scholarships.
funding, and volunteer time.
Newport Beach, California, headquarters, the other in their Columbus, Ohio, offices.
FUTURE WELL KIDS FUTURE WELL COMMUNITIES Future Well Kids teaches kids about Abbott and Blood Centers of America have teamed noncommunicable diseases and how they can up to boost blood donations through our ongoing Our Future Well Communities program in stay healthy and reduce their risk of developing  Give Blood.
Get Back.
campaign.
Started in 2021, Stockton, California, takes a new approach to chronic diseases later in life.
Our employee the partnership is designed to attract younger removing barriers that prevent people with volunteers encourage students to put their lessons to participants and cultivate a new generation of diabetes from living healthy lives.
use by making simple changes in their own lives.
regular blood donors.
Working in close partnership with community During the 2021 2022 school year, the program was groups and leading institutions, our goal is to delivered to more than 2,000 students, working with In early 2023, Abbott and Blood Centers of improve the health of 10,000 people facing the 23 partner schools across five countries.
In 2022, we America unveiled an immersive mixed-reality greatest impact of health disparities and diabetes.
By integrated our Future Well Kids curriculum into our experience designed to improve the blood donation providing people with customized, connected health Real Madrid Foundation partnership, delivering a process, attract new donors, and motivate a and social services   and tracking what s working total, along with our standard curriculum, of 11,000 younger generation to give blood.
and what s not   we aim to transform health for hours of programming to more than 12,300 children Because research has shown that natural those who need it most.
Through the program, we re in nine countries.
settings are the most preferred environment helping to deepen understanding of the underlying In addition to performing in-person visits to over as donors give blood, this technology uses causes of noncommunicable diseases, helping people 300 classrooms, we continue to deliver accessible lightweight headsets to immerse participants build healthy habits and healthier diets.
content for educators and families through our in a garden while they listen to soothing music.
We re also working to build the capacity of the virtual field trip, in partnership with Discovery The technology allows donors to remain fully future healthcare workforce by partnering with Education.
This lets students explore the structure aware of their surroundings, helping ensure a the University of the Pacific to develop a sub- and function of the heart.
The video has reached seamless, convenient, and safe donation.
specialization in diabetes management within more than 1 million students around the world their social work and nursing schools.
And, through since its launch.
22 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX DISASTER RELIEF Supporting the Humanitarian Crisis in Ukraine The program includes an annual donation drive   Since the start of the war, we have provided part of Abbott s long-standing Employee Giving When natural disasters like hurricanes hit, there almost $16 million in aid to Ukraine.
This has Campaign.
During the 2022 campaign, 87% of is always an immediate need for food, water, and included $5 million in grants to International employees in the U.S. and Puerto Rico pledged medical supplies.
However, organized disaster- Medical Corps (IMC), CARE, Project HOPE, and more than $15 million9 to over 9,300 charitable relief efforts can take days to ramp up   putting Americares to build infrastructure, procure and organizations in a single month.
communities in danger, especially residents facing distribute critical medicines and supplies, and to ongoing health challenges and food insecurity.
provide training, employment, and education for EMPLOYEE VOLUNTEERING women and their families forced to relocate to We know product donations are not enough to build We provide U.S. employees eight hours per year of bordering countries.
capable and reliable disaster response systems.
paid time to volunteer in their local communities.
Building community resilience means constantly Through ongoing partnerships with schools, Through our IMC grant, three hospitals are now thinking ahead, identifying and taking preventive educational organizations, and nonprofits, our equipped and have served more than 45,000 measures to avoid and lessen the impact of disasters, employees help promote science, technology, people with critical services.
By fall 2023, all three adapting to unforeseen circumstances, and listening engineering, and math (STEM) engagement, hospitals are expected to have built fully equipped closely to specific community needs.
inspiring young people today to be the healthcare and functional underground care capability.
innovators of tomorrow.
Abbott and the Abbott Fund are implementing We have also donated almost $11 million in targeted disaster resilience strategies to help medicines, nutritional products, cardiac devices, prevent and mitigate the impact of hurricanes on 2022 SOCIAL INVESTING and diabetes care products through relief partners communities in New Orleans, Dallas, Orlando, and Cash contributions $36.6M and the Ukrainian Ministry of Health.
Puerto Rico, all areas where Abbott has established In-kind giving, product or service donations* $30.7M partnerships with two organizations   Feeding EMPLOYEE GIVING America and Direct Relief   to help communities Administrative costs $5.6M to prepare for hurricane season.
These efforts We know our employees want to give back to Time, employee volunteering $1.3M demonstrated their value in Puerto Rico and the places they call home.
It s why we offer a Florida when Hurricanes Fiona and Ian hit: staff comprehensive Employee Giving Program, TOTAL $74.2M were equipped to respond, protocols were in place, through which Abbott: * Abides by WHO guidelines for product donation.
and our pre-positioned products were distributed   Matches employees  donations to eligible immediately to vulnerable populations, including nonprofit organizations homebound patients.
In addition, refrigerators,   Matches 100% of eligible donations critical operations, and communications systems   Pays all processing fees, so every remained functional.
We are now developing short- cent goes to the charity of choice and long-term measures to gauge community and overall program-level impact.
23 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX SUSTAINABILITY ESG GOVERNANCE GOVERNANCE Senior Management oversees Abbott s sustainability policies and practices.
The Board provides oversight through its Public Policy Committee.
Operating sustainably is key to the future of healthcare.
Our 2030 Sustainability Plan Global Sustainability Sustainability Goal ESG Disclosures Global Operations Global Citizenship Team Leads and Operations Committee Council Advisory Council formalizes our commitment to improve Leads strategy Functions Responsible Oversees strategy External experts who lives; embedding sustainability into our implementation across Responsible for for monitoring execution for all provide guidance on global operations managing execution regulatory, legal, and operations, using strategic sustainability governance structure sets this Plan as a and oversees ESG and enterprise-wide financial reporting internal assessments, issues, including risks priority, making it a shared responsibility.
performance and operationalization requirements and risk profiles, and and opportunities.
reporting.
of our 2030 advises on company industry best Sustainability Plan.
approach and practice to improve readiness.
performance.
OUR PRINCIPLES OF SUSTAINABILITY Reports to: Representatives from: Representatives from: Members: Members: We seek to uplift people, society, and the planet   Vice President,   Global   Global   Chair: Senior   Margaret Flaherty, through better health.
Four principles inform Global Marketing Environmental, Environmental, Vice President, Senior Advisor, and External Affairs, Health, and Safety Health, and Safety Quality Assurance, FSG, and Professor, how we maximize impact: who reports to our Regulatory and Business School   Ethics and   Ethics and Chairman and CEO Engineering Services Lausanne   Apply our unique business strengths to identify Compliance Compliance   Senior leaders   Dr. Sandro Galea, and invest in life-changing innovations, evolving   Quality and   Quality and including four Dean and Robert A. Regulatory Affairs Regulatory Affairs to meet emerging needs and finding impactful corporate officers Knox Professor at   Information   Information and 32 divisional Boston University ways to address challenges Technology and Technology and vice presidents School of Public   Identify our top ESG priorities and determine Cybersecurity Cybersecurity Health, Physician, how best to address the growing needs of   Human Resources   Human Resources Epidemiologist those we serve   Supply Chain   Supply Chain   Jane Nelson, Senior Fellow and Director,   Legal   Legal   Embed sustainability throughout the business CSR Initiatives, through robust governance   Finance   Finance Harvard Kennedy   Corporate   Corporate School   Partner with stakeholders Governance Governance   Steven Tebbe,   Research and   Research and CEO of the Global Development Development Footprint Network   Investor Relations   Investor Relations   David Vidal,   Public Affairs   Public Affairs Emeritus Fellow, The Conference Board   Government Affairs   Government Affairs   Corporate   Enterprise Risk Procurement Management   Commercial   Internal Audit Operations   Affiliate operations 24 in key markets GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX ESG-LINKED COMPENSATION Our 2030 Sustainability Plan is integrated into our business plans, financial planning processes, and existing governance structures, including oversight from our Board of Directors.
Overall responsibility for sustainability sits with management and our leadership covenant reinforces this by explicitly stating that corporate officers are accountable for the achievement of Abbott s 2030 Sustainability Plan goals.
All officers, including our Chairman and CEO, also carry a Human Capital Metrics goal.
Our leadership covenant is considered the minimum requirement of being an officer at Abbott.
Any officer who does not fulfill the covenant can receive a reduction of up to 100% of their annual incentive and/or long-term incentive awards.
As stated in our leadership covenant, each senior leader is responsible for taking actions in their organization that help achieve our targeted priority goals, including:   Making access and affordability core to new product innovation   Transforming care for chronic disease, malnutrition, and infectious diseases   Advancing health equity through partnerships   Protecting a healthy environment   Building the diverse, innovative workforce of tomorrow   Responsibly connecting data, technology, and care   Creating a resilient, diverse, and responsible supply chain To learn more, visit the Executive Compensation section in our 2023 Proxy Statement.
25 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX INNOVATE FOR ACCES S A ND A FFORDA BILIT Y Abbott is on a mission to improve the lives of 3 billion people a year by 2030.
To achieve this, we re designing access and affordability into our products from the start, creating life- changing technology like the FreeStyle Libre system, which provides continuous glucose monitoring for millions of people around the world.
IN THIS SECTION 27 OUR APPROACH TO ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY 28 ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY THROUGH PRODUCT INNOVATION 30 TRANSFORMING CARE 32 ADVANCING HEALTH EQUITY Paloma Kemak was one of the first people to try the FreeStyle Libre system when it became available in the U.S. in 2017.
26 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX OUR APPROACH ABBOTT S DESIGN PRINCIPLES OUR 2022 PROGRESS We have outlined three Design Principles to embed TO ACCESS AND innovating for access and affordability in how we AFFORDABILITY develop and bring technologies and products to the >2B people who need them: lives improved from Abbott products and services1 Design for broader reach and equity: We drive innovation to help ensure people Build an innovative portfolio that INTEGRATED can access the products and services they reaches more people, including new our Innovate for Access and Affordability Design need to live fuller, healthier lives.
geographies and communities with Principles across our businesses limited access to care.
1M+ Access and affordability considerations Design for access: are embedded throughout our product Identify and overcome barriers to access people globally who were provided decentralized design, development, manufacturing, and and adoption, prioritizing inclusive healthcare services commercialization processes.
We leverage novel design as well as manufacturing, technologies   as well as our global presence, distribution, and technology strategies ESTABLISHED strategic partnerships, and community insights   to reduce costs across the value chain.
Diversity in Research Office to standardize our to create measurable, real-world change.
approach in clinical trials Design to optimize reach and value: THE SCIENTIFIC GOVERNING BOARD Make intentional decisions throughout 6 NEW SITES the design process to optimize Abbott s Scientific Governing Board, a 16-member added to the Abbott Pandemic Defense four factors: people reached, team that includes the R&D head from each Coalition, strengthening our ability to identify consumer benefit, business value, Abbott business, oversees product and service viral threats and societal value.
innovation.
The Board meets regularly to discuss Abbott s innovation progress, health technology In 2022, we integrated these principles across all developments, and areas for cross-business of our businesses, helping evolve the way we collaboration on product design.
It is also develop and bring technologies to people who responsible for driving the implementation need them.
Refreshed documentation outlines of our Innovate for Access and Affordability requirements for identifying and documenting Design Principles across the company.
barriers to access for the new product, and is scoped to address opportunities to further optimize reach.
27 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX ACCESS AND refreshes our understanding of dynamic care SAVING TIME AND MONEY WITH pathways globally, identifies our stakeholder value REVOLUTIONARY PLASMA AFFORDABILITY expectations, and allows us to design solutions TESTING FOR TRAUMATIC BRAIN with increased access and affordability in mind.
INJURIES (TBIs) THROUGH PRODUCT A 2022 study has uncovered the role two blood- Through the EVA, we proactively seek insights INNOVATION based biomarkers play in predicting recovery that allow us to drive economic and clinical following a TBI.
Published in The Lancet Neurology, value through our innovation funnel, ultimately the research used Abbott s i-STAT TBI Plasma paving the way for broader coverage and access Our R&D processes integrate access test   and our core laboratory ARCHITECT for patients.
and affordability into our products and instrument   to test for biomarkers within services, so we can deliver solutions that And in our diagnostics business, we look for 24 hours of an injury.
reach more of the people who need them.
ways to improve costs by increasing efficiency In addition to providing a clearer image of in our manufacturing, supply chain, and product severity, biomarker testing supported predictions support areas.
of recovery times, long-term implications of the DRIVING VALUE TBI, and optimal treatment plans.
The first rapid INNOVATING FOR ACCESSIBILITY Our Approach test on a portable analyzer to receive FDA 510(k) Before we can design, we must first understand.
Our Approach clearance, the i-STAT TBI Plasma test can help To help as many people as possible, we know we From patients and healthcare professionals to quicky determine if a more expensive CT scan must work to remove barriers to care for patients policymakers and those who fund development, is needed, saving both time and money during around the world.
To help ensure we deliver all of our stakeholders define value through their diagnosis.
In March 2023, we received FDA effective, responsible, and equitable solutions, own lens.
Our Design Principles help ensure that clearance for a TBI blood test that runs on our during product development we also consider: we re considering those varied perspectives as we Alinity i core laboratory system.
develop our products.
Supply resilience   Environmental sustainability This analysis is done in our Medical Devices   Value business through our Early Value Assessment (EVA) process, a key tool that helps us understand Read more on how we re designing for supply and respond to the needs of different healthcare resilience on page 71.
stakeholders.
The EVA process continuously 28 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX OUR 2022 PERFORMANCE BRINGING HEART MONITORING 2022 AWARDS CAPABILITIES TO MORE PEOPLE By 2030, we aim to improve the lives of one in every three people on Earth each year.
In 2022, AND RANKINGS Today, more than 6.2 million Americans suffer we improved the lives of more than 2 billion heart failure.
15 In February 2022, Abbott was We develop solutions to advance people s health.
people through our products and services.
1 In granted FDA approval to expand use of our Throughout 2022, we were honored to have that addition to building access and affordability into CardioMEMS HF System, bringing early-stage commitment to innovation externally recognized.
new products and services, we continually work heart-failure-monitoring technology to a wider to increase access to our existing products.
Over pool of patients.
Prix Galien International Awards: the last 10 years, our organic business growth   FreeStyle Libre receives Golden Jubilee Award has been driven by expanding access rather The CardioMEMS sensor, a small device for Best Medical Technology of the last 50 years than price increases, with volume growing at inserted into the pulmonary artery during a   MitraClip receives Prix Galien International an average of 8.9% per year while prices have minimally invasive procedure, detects changes Award for Best Medical Technology 2022 declined by an average of 0.8% per year.
* For in pressure that could indicate worsening heart further information, including data showing how failure.
It wirelessly transmits readings to the Edison Awards: our annual net sales price change compares to patient s physician, informing treatment updates   FreeStyle Libre 3   Gold the rate of inflation, see page 128.
to help mitigate late-stage heart failure and   N euroSphere Virtual Clinic and i-STAT TBI giving patients information they need to help Plasma test   Silver Increasing Access to Fast, Reliable, and Discreet manage their condition.
HIV Testing at Home CES 2023 Innovation Awards for Advancements Today, more than 38.4 million people have HIV   Data gathered during the clinical trial known as in Health Technology: an estimated 15% of these individuals don t GUIDE-HF indicated improved outcomes for   Aveir VR Leadless Pacemaker know.
Testing remains the first step to ending patients with mild heart failure when treatment   Proclaim Plus SCS System HIV/AIDS as a public health threat.
To make was guided by pulmonary pressure monitoring     Alinity Mpox PCR test14 HIV testing more accessible, Abbott launched including a 34% reduction for hospitalizations, Panbio HIV SELF TEST, an over-the-counter, emergency visits, and death.
With increased fingerstick blood test that detects antibodies to access to the CardioMEMS HF System, we re HIV-1 and HIV-2   the two types of HIV virus supporting better outcomes for millions of that can develop into AIDS.
It delivers results in people living with heart failure.
15 20 minutes, and recognizes patients as positive 1 14 days earlier than previous second-generation tests from exposure to HIV infection.
10,11,12,13 We have received regulatory approval in 37 countries for a similar self-test called CheckNOW HIV SELF TEST, available to governments and public health authorities.
* Excludes the impacts of business acquisitions/divestitures and foreign exchange.
29 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX TRANSFORMING alleviate symptoms of movement disorders, SUPPORTING HEALTHY CHOICES evidence shows DBS could help regulate mood.
Since August 2022, we ve been working with CARE WeightWatchers (WW International Inc.) to Qualifying for Breakthrough Device Designation develop a tool to help people manage diabetes highlights the system s potential role in effectively through weight loss and glucose control.
We are committed to transforming treating an irreversibly debilitating condition.
It also Combining WeightWatchers  diabetes- enables us to accelerate development, assessment, standards of care for people with chronic tailored weight management program with and review   while maintaining regulatory health conditions, malnutrition, and our FreeStyle Libre products, we can offer standards   thereby shortening time to market for infectious diseases.
mobile access to the nutritional information our potentially transformational TRD treatment.
people need to control their health.
And, by combining glucose insights with empirically Preventing Antimicrobial Resistance OUR APPROACH We are committed to doing our part to counter validated nutritional guidance, people can track Innovating new solutions for disease management the growing risk of drug-resistant bacteria.
For the impact of each food choice they make.
is just one aspect of enhancing quality of care.
example, our Test Target Treat initiative empowers Abbott is also working to expand capabilities healthcare providers to make targeted treatment in disease detection and prevention.
And we re decisions sooner   reducing inappropriate partnering to educate more people to help them antimicrobial use and the spread of resistance.
live more balanced, healthier lives.
In our medicines business, our holistic approach with our teams, healthcare professionals, and OUR 2022 PERFORMANCE patients aims to encourage responsible prescription We have developed various solutions and and use of antibiotics.
In the 2021 Access to partnerships to combat noncommunicable diseases.
Medicines Foundation s AMR Benchmark report, Abbott received the second-highest score of all New Hope for Treatment-Resistant Depression (TRD) generic medicines manufacturers assessed.
Annually, 2.8 million Americans are diagnosed with TRD.
In July 2022, we received FDA Transforming Outcomes With Leadless Implants Breakthrough Device Designation to expedite the Abbott s investigational Aveir DR dual-chamber review of our deep brain stimulation (DBS) system pacemaker   the world s first dual-chamber and how it can help people living with TRD.
leadless pacemaker   could be a game-changer for restoring normal heart rhythm.
Implant-to-implant DBS involves implanting thin wires into targeted technology supports communication between two brain areas, deploying electrical impulses that pacemakers, enabling heart chamber synchronicity.
moderate brain activity.
Traditionally used to 30 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX a:care   Advancing Medicine Adherence ADVANCING WOMEN S HEALTH of stories from women living in China, For some, the best way to improve health is not AND WELL-BEING India, Mexico, and Brazil.
From the impact through creating new drugs or treatments, it s of hormonal changes on relationships and Menopause can bring a variety of challenging through improving how people stick to their careers to the toll on health and self-esteem, physical and emotional symptoms.
Despite treatment   also known as adherence.
It s each woman s unique story voices the hidden 47 million16 women entering menopause each why we launched a:care, an initiative that worries and surprising joys that can accompany year, this natural part of growing older is still bridges behavioral science with digital tools this new life stage.
something few people talk about.
As one to help patients and healthcare professionals participant commented,  If 51% of the world s improve adherence.
We also reached over 1,700 International population goes through menopause, why is it Menopause Society Congress participants with such a taboo?
I think about this more and more.
In 2022, we hosted our second a:care Congress, our campaign, and we shared information on Who decided that it was uncomfortable to talk creating a virtual forum for approximately The Next Chapter in nearly 1,900 independently about a process that all women go through?
15,000 healthcare professionals from more than run menopause and women health centers in Hopefully this silence will soon end.
70 countries to learn more about medication India.
In addition, we continue to drive adherence and behavior.
Endorsed by over 65 educational efforts in nearly 450 menopause Abbott is committed to supporting women international and national medical societies, the centers in China, and have supported the during this stage of their lives and empowering event explored cultural and local factors that can establishment of over 1,200 menopause them to get the information and support they create challenges for adherence and provided centers across China and India   spaces with may need to continue living fulfilling lives.
practical solutions to help people take charge continuous care and education for women of their health and live healthier lives by better going through menopause.
We recently took on the challenge to debunk adhering to their treatment.
misconceptions and spark more conversations about menopause.
Abbott invited women from different countries of the world to share their experiences in The Next Chapter, a collection Dimple Bhatnagar, shown here with her daughter, Shaliga, takes Abbott s Femoston Conti to help her manage the symptoms of menopause.
She shared her experience with women around the world as part of Abbott s The Next Chapter initiative.
31 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX ADVANCING   Malnutrition Panel   In development   In Ecuador, we re partnering to help identify To improve child and pregnant women malnutrition risk in children between six months HEALTH EQUITY well-being, using biomarkers to identify and five years of age through the donation of micronutrient deficiencies.
2,000 MUAC z-score tapes and training of 600   Fever Panel   In development healthcare professionals and teachers from the To reach as many people as possible, we To help identify root causes of fever.
Particularly Cuenca Cantonal Health Council and the Cuenca must remove barriers standing in the important for pregnant women and young Municipal Foundation for Women and Children.
children, as well as patients with fever-like and A similar donation of tapes and training took way of good health.
We re partnering to other  generic  symptoms.
place in Manta, Ecuador, in partnership with the decentralize infrastructure and deliver Universidad Laica Eloy Alfaro de Manab .
resources tailored to local, real-world needs.
The Abbott Center for Malnutrition Solutions Malnutrition affects one in three people OUR 2022 PERFORMANCE around the world   all ages, all geographies, Supporting Children s Health OUR APPROACH and all socioeconomic classes.
The Center for In 2021, we signed a three-year agreement to be We re working across our business and in Malnutrition Solutions focuses on addressing the Health Sciences and Nutrition Partner for Real partnership with others to advance health equity, global malnutrition through gathering real-world Madrid Football Club.
We also signed on as Global removing barriers that prevent people from living evidence and applying sustainable, resilient Partner of the Real Madrid Foundation (RMF), healthy lives, with a special focus on programs that models that address local needs and improve launching our first initiative to tackle malnutrition support children and women in underserved areas.
access to care.
With our partners, we re building among children in participating programs.
In 2022, capacity within communities to identify, treat, we integrated our Future Well Kids curriculum To deliver results, we ve laid out long-term targets and prevent malnutrition.
into the partnership, training 350 RMF coaches in for our business as part of our 2030 Sustainability nine countries and reaching over 12,300 children.
Plan and made equitable care a key principle for The MUAC (mid-upper arm circumference) our community partnerships.
z-score tape is an example of an innovative tool.
We also established a three-year partnership This simple, inexpensive paper device gives health with Easterseals to pilot the Project on Education Diagnostics for Mothers and Children workers and caregivers the ability to identify and Community Health Equity   part of the To drive improved treatment for certain at-risk malnutrition risk in children in homes, schools, Easterseals Black Child Fund, launched in 2021.
groups, we have established three diagnostic and communities throughout the world.
The project is creating an integrated system that panels: groups of medical tests designed to aims to address barriers to quality education enhance disease care.
In Kenya, we re partnering with local groups and healthcare experienced by children and to train community health workers and have families in under-invested communities.
It   Antenatal Care (ANC) Panel   In progress donated MUAC z-score tapes to enhance will be implemented at Easterseals Childhood To improve lives and reduce mortality among identification of malnutrition in the context Development Centers in California, Georgia, and children and mothers in high-burden countries of climate and health.
the greater Washington, D.C., area.
through regular screening and hotspot maps for HIV, HBV, and syphilis infections.
32 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX OUR LONGEST-STANDING PARTNERSHIP We have helped extend access to treatment through the construction of three regional hospitals and the For more than two decades, Abbott and the Abbott equipping of one zonal hospital.
In 2022, we completed Fund have partnered with the government of Tanzania to the first models in Tanzania for emergency care at a strengthen the country s healthcare system.
With nearly district hospital emergency department and at a village $155 million invested to date, this partnership is finding emergency dispensary in Bantu village.
We are now sustainable solutions to critical healthcare challenges   exploring how we can use this partnership as a model for elevating testing, treatment, and care across the country.
other countries, and our Bantu dispensary as a model for other regions.
In 2010, Abbott supported development of the country s first emergency medical department at the Muhimbili National Hospital in Dar es Salaam.
The department has since trained 79 specialty emergency physicians and more than 6,000 medical, nursing, and paramedic providers   helping approximately 1.2 million patients nationwide.
Meruth Seladi Wilson, a healthcare worker in Bantu Village in Tanzania, is a graduate of the Kimberly & Miles White Primary School in Bantu, which was renovated and built by the Abbott Fund.
Meruth works at the Bantu dispensary, also built by the Abbott Fund, which is the country s first model for emergency care in the village setting.
33 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX RESP ON SIB LY CONNEC T DATA , TECHNOLO G Y, A ND C A RE Extraordinary innovation is often powered by technology.
From the clinic to the cloud, data is changing healthcare   including how, when, and where it is accessed and delivered   and never before have people been empowered with so much information to make better decisions about managing their health.
Our products provide data that helps people learn more about themselves and take action.
This information also helps doctors understand how to better treat people, and fuels new innovations that can help unlock the power of health for future generations.
IN THIS SECTION 35 RESPONSIBLE DATA MANAGEMENT AND PRIVACY 34 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX RESPONSIBLE DATA Transparent in communicating to people and letting OUR 2022 PROGRESS MANAGEMENT them know how their data will be used AND PRIVACY Responsible PRODUCT in our role in enabling the power of data and CERTIFICATIONS also in its appropriate use and protection Data is a powerful tool for enabling Achieved 16 cybersecurity certifications for Intentional key connected Abbott products, including scientific innovation.
Technology in how we connect our technology, what data Merlin.net, CardioMEMS, and NeuroSphere is transforming healthcare, and the we collect, and how we use it and protect it Virtual Clinic opportunities to learn how to better manage health, wellness, and human CUSTOMER performance through data are limitless.
DATA PRIVACY AND SECURITY, CYBERSECURITY MANAGEMENT, AND GOVERNANCE We believe data and trust go hand in hand, and We have strong centralized cybersecurity and PORTAL the people who allow access to their data deserve privacy governance, which helps ensure that the launched to provide healthcare delivery to have it fiercely protected and secured every organization embraces our security and privacy organizations direct access to key cybersecurity step of the way.
Our goal is to make sure Abbott processes, standards, and principles related to data information on Abbott products devices, products, and systems meet the highest collection, use, sharing, and security.
Executive security standards, and that commitment guides management, as well as the Board of Directors, ENHANCED TRAINING our approach to data privacy, protection, and ethical takes an active role in reviewing cybersecurity and on company-wide cybersecurity awareness data use across all of our businesses.
privacy progress updates.
and skills for key roles THE PRINCIPLES OF DATA USE Privacy and Security by Design PRIVACY POLICY Each day, people trust us with information about To identify potential privacy and cybersecurity their health   which is some of the most personal.
risks, we conduct privacy and security risk updated to align with customer expectations We recognize that it is a privilege to learn from assessments and embed data protection into the our customers, and our goal is to be transparent, products and services we design and develop.
responsible, and intentional in our approach to Our company-wide data protection framework is data collection and use.
supported by standards, processes, and training designed to drive compliance, consistency, and employee understanding of the importance of building and maintaining appropriate data protection controls throughout the product development life cycle.
35 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX We also actively engage in the healthcare and oversee the cybersecurity and privacy Company-wide training helps ensure employees community and inform new standards and best programs.
A Product Security Oversight and contractors receive targeted instruction on practices to remain at the forefront of cybersecurity Committee, made up of cross-company leadership, company policies and emerging cybersecurity and privacy leadership, drawing on multi- meets regularly to develop Abbott s strategy and risks.
For example, we conduct phishing awareness stakeholder partnerships to collaborate on new approach to product security, monitor progress, campaigns to help users identify and respond to standards and share best practices.
and support company-wide compliance.
phishing attempts.
We monitor results to identify retraining requirements and help ensure everyone We can only deliver more personalized Abbott s senior cybersecurity and privacy leaders at Abbott understands their shared responsibility to technologies if people trust Abbott with their also provide regular progress updates to the Board protect sensitive data and personal information.
In personal data.
Throughout 2021 and 2022, Abbott of Directors and Board committees.
Both the Audit 2022, we introduced and completed a new course on supported development of the World Economic Committee and Public Policy Committee have security controls for enterprise employees.
Forum s Digital Trust Framework   a resource to responsibilities related to cybersecurity and data establish global consensus on what digital trust privacy, and our well-balanced board has expertise Abbott Divisions also have dedicated cybersecurity means and how it can be achieved.
As part of the in cybersecurity.
leaders to help address cybersecurity risks within wider Digital Trust Initiative, the framework acts their business.
They provide updates to division as a tool for decision-makers to be certain we have CYBERSECURITY MANAGEMENT leadership and work with Corporate to look at trustworthy technology development, covering how cybersecurity controls are applied across Our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) security and reliability; governance and oversight; Abbott s businesses.
Regional Security Leaders leads the Enterprise and Product Cybersecurity and ethical and responsible use.
in key geographies support local and regional organization, helping to ensure the security and cybersecurity requirements.
availability of Abbott s systems, technologies, Privacy and Cybersecurity Oversight Committees and products.
The CISO reports into Abbott s Chief The Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer and Product Cybersecurity Information Officer (CIO).
The CIO has overall Divisional Vice President for Global Privacy Our Product Cybersecurity organization partners responsibility and reports directly to our Chief oversee our Global Privacy Office.
Two oversight across Abbott to help ensure products and systems Financial Officer.
committees support this office, with further are secure by design and maintain security assistance from dedicated global professionals throughout the product life cycle.
This includes Enterprise Cybersecurity and country-specific privacy champions.
Each secure development, testing, and ongoing security We aim to create a strong cybersecurity foundation committee has its own operational committees monitoring and maintenance.
by reducing cybersecurity risks through: that engage key stakeholders at product and   Education and awareness business levels.
We work to ensure that Abbott products or   Building cybersecurity into our systems and services that process personal data are certified by applications The Cybersecurity and Privacy Oversight an industry-recognized certification.
To further   Implementing incident monitoring and Committee oversees Abbott s cybersecurity protect data, we are working to expand this response efforts and privacy program.
The committee brings requirement to internet-based applications, such   Protection of sensitive data together corporate officers from Legal, Ethics as websites.
Manufacturing cybersecurity and Compliance, Finance, Human Resources,   Disaster recovery planning efforts Quality, and Information Technology to advise 36 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX ENHANCING OUR SECURITY EFFORTS BETTER DECISIONS WITH CONTINUOUS, SECURE DATA CONNECTED CARE CONNECTIONS TO IMPROVE CARE To advance our commitment to data transparency, we have implemented our first Abbott-wide Harnessing data and technology, we re developing Abbott is a leader in developing products that offer cybersecurity portal.
The platform, which is connected solutions that enable greater health virtual connections between people and their doctors, improving access to care, helping better control chronic currently open to a limited number of healthcare choices and management.
conditions, and reducing healthcare costs.
Protecting delivery organizations (HDOs), greatly enhances patient data is key to our success in this area.
the speed and ease with which these customers Connecting People to Care can access relevant product documentation.
In partnership with diabetes-care innovators Our Cardiac Rhythm Management business provides an excellent example of this with a suite of connected Throughout 2023, we aim to add more HDOs CamDiab and Ypsomed, Abbott is developing an devices that includes our Gallant implantable to the portal globally.
automated insulin delivery system to aid diabetes cardioverter defibrillator and cardiac resynchronization management and improve the lives of people living therapy defibrillator devices that help keep a patient s We have also taken several steps to strengthen our with it.
heart beating normally, and our Confirm Rx insertable internal understanding of cybersecurity, including: cardiac monitor that allows continuous observation.
The new system uses Abbott s FreeStyle Libre 3 to These devices communicate with our myMerlinPulse   Launching cybersecurity and privacy continuously monitor glucose levels in real time.
mobile app, which lets patients track the performance communication videos to help employees The sensor is connected to the CamDiab s CamAPS of each device and securely share information on heart understand the importance of data privacy FX mobile app, which calculates optimal insulin activity with their doctor from anywhere in the world.
and security.
dosage, communicating it to the Ypsomed mylife    Updating cybersecurity capability training automatic insulin YpsoPump .
to offer personnel a variety of role-based learning paths   including mentorship and certification.
Convening our Medical Device Cybersecurity Council.
This group of physicians, CIOs, CISOs, and other healthcare cybersecurity experts meet several times a year to discuss Abbott s cybersecurity program and focus areas.
Our commitment to product security and privacy has not gone unnoticed.
During 2022, Abbott won a tender to supply continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) technology to a healthcare provider in Sweden.
Our FreeStyle Libre CGM system was selected thanks, in part, to the protocols we have in place to keep personal data secure.
37 GGLLOOBBAALL SSUUSSTTAAIINNAABBIILLIITTYY RREEPPOORRTT 22002222 AABBOOUUTT AACCCCEESSSS AANNDD AAFFFFOORRDDAABBIILLIITTYY DDAATTAA WWOORRKKFFOORRCCEE EENNVVIIRROONNMMEENNTT QQUUAALLIITTYY MMAANNAAGGEEMMEENNTT SSUUPPPPLLYY CCHHAAIINN GGOOVVEERRNNAANNCCEE AAPPPPEENNDDIIXX BUILD THE DIV ERSE, INNOVATIVE WORKFORCE OF TOMORROW Our ability to build a healthy, sustainable future depends on the innovative ideas, execution, and dedication of a diverse workforce.
In return, Abbott provides an environment that helps all employees learn and grow in careers that matter, where they can bring their true selves to work each day.
IN THIS SECTION 39 OUR APPROACH TO BUILDING TOMORROW S WORKFORCE 43 DIVERSITY, EQUITY, AND INCLUSION 45 EMPLOYEE WELL-BEING 46 FINANCIAL AND RETIREMENT BENEFITS 47 EMPLOYEE HEALTH AND SAFETY 49 HUMAN RIGHTS In the summer of 2022, Bhuvi Kedia (left) and Chaya Sandhu (right) gained valuable experience working as high school STEM interns in our diabetes care business.
38 GGLLOOBBAALL SSUUSSTTAAIINNAABBIILLIITTYY RREEPPOORRTT 22002222 AABBOOUUTT AACCCCEESSSS AANNDD AAFFFFOORRDDAABBIILLIITTYY DDAATTAA WWOORRKKFFOORRCCEE EENNVVIIRROONNMMEENNTT QQUUAALLIITTYY MMAANNAAGGEEMMEENNTT SSUUPPPPLLYY CCHHAAIINN GGOOVVEERRNNAANNCCEE AAPPPPEENNDDIIXX OUR APPROACH Talent Management Reviews (TMRs) Our senior leadership conducts TMRs by division OUR 2022 PROGRESS TO BUILDING and function to review succession plans for our most critical positions.
As part of these TOMORROW S discussions, senior leadership considers employees with leadership potential who are early in their 41% WORKFORCE careers and discusses how they can continue to of global management positions filled by women2 develop that talent.
Our talent management approach focuses Our Board of Directors conducts an annual TMR 45% on attracting, retaining, engaging, and to review succession plans and development of STEM roles filled by women2 developing a diverse workforce ready for actions for our senior positions, as well as discuss tomorrow s challenges while bringing our the overall health of our talent pipeline.
35% strategy to life today.
Real Talk.
Real Impact.
of leadership roles in the U.S. held by people At Abbott, we believe that when employees and from underrepresented groups2 managers talk frequently and honestly about ATTRACTING THE BEST TALENT performance and development, employees become We offer the opportunity to build a great career more engaged and perform better.
Real Talk.
Real 88% with financial security and well-being.
When Impact.
is Abbott s approach to effective and agile of leadership roles filled based on succession plan2 you join Abbott, you are part of a community conversations between managers and employees.
of employees doing purposeful work in an 46% environment where everyone can bring their true In addition to our formal, annual goal setting self to work every day.
and performance assessment process, we of targeted new jobs filled internally2 also encourage a continuous dialogue, asking We build and maintain long-term relationships managers and employees to have regular with diverse candidates through the Abbott Talent conversations throughout each quarter about >346,000 Community.
This helps build a talent pipeline that how the organization is doing, how the employee development and job opportunities created promotes diversity and longevity.
is performing, and how they can make a bigger for current and future employees2 impact.
The dialogue can be initiated by the RETAINING AND ENGAGING OUR employee or manager, and can follow different >47,000 EMPLOYEES formats or scenarios.
STEM opportunities created for young Our goal is to build a strong pipeline of internal talent During those conversations, managers also seek people (64% for people from through intentional development.
This includes to identify barriers and determine what they can underrepresented groups)2 offering growth opportunities such as mentoring, do to better support the employee, and their leadership training, and personalized career career aspirations.
development conversations and tools.
3399 GGLLOOBBAALL SSUUSSTTAAIINNAABBIILLIITTYY RREEPPOORRTT 22002222 AABBOOUUTT AACCCCEESSSS AANNDD AAFFFFOORRDDAABBIILLIITTYY DDAATTAA WWOORRKKFFOORRCCEE EENNVVIIRROONNMMEENNTT QQUUAALLIITTYY MMAANNAAGGEEMMEENNTT SSUUPPPPLLYY CCHHAAIINN GGOOVVEERRNNAANNCCEE AAPPPPEENNDDIIXX We also offer employees the opportunity to and growth, we will be able to meet the challenges LEADING WITH IMPACT participate in 360 , 180 , and self assessments.
of today and tomorrow and bring our life-changing We recognize the vital role frontline managers These assessments provide multi-perspective solutions to more people around the globe.
play in building a supportive, inclusive, and feedback from managers, colleagues, peers, direct rewarding work environment.
That s why, in reports, and others.
Results from the assessment In 2022, we provided training around data-driven 2022, we reinforced the behaviors learned in present an expanded understanding of an decision-making, a simulation for agility, and a our two-time Brandon Hall Excellence Awards- employee s strengths and development needs.
learning content path for digital mindset training winning Leading With Impact program through to prepare our employees to be the healthcare topical peer pods, an interactive coaching Mentoring engineers, specialists, and providers of the future.
workbook, leader podcasts, and more.
Our mentoring program connects employees with experienced mentors to receive professional We also launched our first pilot cohort of our As a result, we have seen scores on many guidance, development perspectives, and career Software Engineering Training (SET) program components of manager effectiveness increase, coaching.
In 2022, we expanded the program in 2022.
Targeting approximately 25 participants showing the work is helping to develop the by adding eight languages and invited more per year, the SET program is a nomination leadership skills needed to sustain engaged, employees to participate globally.
The mentoring program for current employees interested in high-performing teams.
program is now available to all employees.
learning software engineering.
We plan to launch our second cohort in September 2023.
The SET After a concerted effort of training people CONTINUING TO LEARN AND GROW program supports our internal technical pipeline leaders in 2021 to be more proactive, by providing a challenging technical program Creating the workforce of the future requires understanding leaders, we continued to train that prepares participants to be successful in the inspiring the workforce of today and tomorrow.
new and newly promoted leaders in 2022.
field with essential fundamental knowledge of We continue to invest in resources that support Approximately 3,600 managers completed the software engineering.
the development and professional growth of all program in 2022 and approximately 96% of all our employees and to help them build their best of our leaders have participated in the program Global Development Weeks careers.
And we look at ways we can help prepare since it first rolled out in 2021.
Abbott s Global Development Weeks encourage the next population, particularly women and employees to explore the range of resources diverse students.
available to help them build their best career and realize their full potential.
We had two Our employees can access growth and development development weeks in 2022, with approximately opportunities at every stage of their career to build 20% of Abbott employees around the world new skills and gain new perspectives (learn more participating.
Nearly 200 leaders served as on page 41).
These programs have been designed to instructors, facilitating and engaging employees support the development and strengthen the skills through live webinars, exploring personal of all our employees, and to help achieve our goal branding, and sharing their own development of increasing diversity in STEM and management journeys through leadership panels.
There were roles.
By continuing to foster a culture of learning also external speakers, workshops, online content, and more.
4400 GGLLOOBBAALL SSUUSSTTAAIINNAABBIILLIITTYY RREEPPOORRTT 22002222 AABBOOUUTT AACCCCEESSSS AANNDD AAFFFFOORRDDAABBIILLIITTYY DDAATTAA WWOORRKKFFOORRCCEE EENNVVIIRROONNMMEENNTT QQUUAALLIITTYY MMAANNAAGGEEMMEENNTT SSUUPPPPLLYY CCHHAAIINN GGOOVVEERRNNAANNCCEE AAPPPPEENNDDIIXX DEVELOPING OUR FUTURE LEADERS   T he Operations Leadership Program (OLP): BUILDING THE PIPELINE FOR Provides focused development for key talent TOMORROW In addition to the vast curriculum available to all within our Operations functions, focusing on employees, we offer various programs to support By 2030, Abbott plans to create 100,000 STEM helping participants make cross-functional emerging leaders along their development journey.
opportunities globally, helping to create a pipeline and cross-company decisions, understanding of talent interested in STEM careers to meet the   N ew Leader Program: Designed to support key business drivers, future challenges, and growing demands for healthcare innovation.
We new managers in making a successful transition strategic direction, practicing how to anticipate offer a STEM internship for high school students   to managerial roles while honing leadership issues and risks and implement options for particularly for underrepresented applicants   to potential.
Instruction is delivered over 12 14 mitigation, and strengthening collaboration kick-start their healthcare careers.
In 2022, this was weeks, with eight virtual, instructor-led and relationship-building skills.
By design, expanded into four additional countries   Saudi sessions and various self-paced modules each cohort is global, culturally diverse, and Arabia, Costa Rica, India, and Canada   bringing and on-the-job activities.
geographically dispersed.
A key component of the total to 23 locations in eight countries to date.
the program is helping participants lead and   G M Acceleration Program: Created to develop others.
The progress of participants In November 2022, we launched a three-year accelerate the readiness and quality of identified is tracked over a three-year period against a U.S. skilled-trades apprenticeship program.
talent for general manager (GM) or commercial peer group.
For the latest cohort of participants Apprentices have flexible working hours and leadership roles.
Across a year, three program tracked over three years, the promotion rate is study time at nearby community colleges.
And phases include a business and finance workshop, significantly higher than that of the peer group.
they participate in the program while working an assessment center, and development their full-time job.
Abbott s goal is to support opportunities to apply learned skills.
T he Emerging Leaders Program (ELP): A apprentices throughout their education while global development program that identifies preparing them for long-term careers with us.
G lobal Citizen Development Program: Brings and develops cross-division talent for future together early career employees to prepare leadership roles.
The program spans five months Abbott also has a long-established presence on them to be next-generation leaders.
Cohorts of and includes a virtual workshop to build broad campus at the University of Illinois Urbana- approximately 25 employees   from different leadership and communication skills, as well as Champaign (UIUC) Research Park that continues divisions, functions, and geographies   complete coaching and motivating skills.
The program to give us access to a competitive and diverse blended learning sessions to develop leadership also includes private coaching, periodic cohort pool of talented students to consider for skills, build business acumen, and develop a meetings, and a final group webinar to reflect internship opportunities.
strong network.
The program spans six months on learnings and refine goals for progress.
and includes critical business challenges where The progress of participants is tracked over a participants apply their learnings.
three-year period against a peer group.
Program participants are promoted at significantly higher rates than their peer group.
4411 GGLLOOBBAALL SSUUSSTTAAIINNAABBIILLIITTYY RREEPPOORRTT 22002222 AABBOOUUTT AACCCCEESSSS AANNDD AAFFFFOORRDDAABBIILLIITTYY DDAATTAA WWOORRKKFFOORRCCEE EENNVVIIRROONNMMEENNTT QQUUAALLIITTYY MMAANNAAGGEEMMEENNTT SSUUPPPPLLYY CCHHAAIINN GGOOVVEERRNNAANNCCEE AAPPPPEENNDDIIXX OUR 2022 PERFORMANCE 2022 RECOGNITION: Understanding Employee Sentiment We provide an environment where each employee DEVELOPING THE can be themselves and feel proud about coming WORKFORCE OF to work each day.
To maintain a welcoming TOMORROW environment, we actively listen to employees to understand what they expect and need.
Internships and Early Careers On our Your Voice Counts survey, we ask Firsthand (formerly Vault) Rankings: employees 12 questions that address their basic   #1 Best Health Sciences Internships needs, their contributions, teamwork, and growth.
#1 Best Internships for Engineering Our businesses have the opportunity to ask up to   #1 Best Internships for Sales, Marketing, six additional questions on topics that are most & Communications relevant to their people.
We also include a question to measure employee satisfaction.
In 2022, the ChooseMyCompany: Your Voice Counts survey was completed by 78% #2 for early-career programs outside the U.S. of all our employees.
Fast Company s Best Workplaces Learning and Progression Opportunities for Innovators Awards: In 2022, Abbott hired 21,820 new external Standout company for early-career workers employees.
We also filled 44% of open positions with internal candidates.
Our open positions include those filled by external hires, internal hires, and promotions.
Providing our employees with the resources to grow personally and professionally is important to us.
We offer our employees the development and advancement opportunities that allow them to achieve their full potential and have their best careers.
Last year, we provided over 346,000 job and development opportunities and, after two years, are just past halfway to our 1 million goal.
Additionally, we ran two Global Development Weeks in 2022, where Abbott s 10 employee networks provide communities more than 22,000 unique employees participated of support for colleagues across our company.
Here, Samer Saleh (center), a divisional vice president in for over 64,000 hours.
our Rapid Diagnostics business, connects with Social Media Senior Specialist Shreeya Majmudar (left) and Senior Sales Trainer Ian Wihebrink at an event hosted by our Early Career Network.
4422 GGLLOOBBAALL SSUUSSTTAAIINNAABBIILLIITTYY RREEPPOORRTT 22002222 AABBOOUUTT AACCCCEESSSS AANNDD AAFFFFOORRDDAABBIILLIITTYY DDAATTAA WWOORRKKFFOORRCCEE EENNVVIIRROONNMMEENNTT QQUUAALLIITTYY MMAANNAAGGEEMMEENNTT SSUUPPPPLLYY CCHHAAIINN GGOOVVEERRNNAANNCCEE AAPPPPEENNDDIIXX DIVERSITY, EQUITY, Future Female Engineers OUR EMPLOYEE NETWORK GROUPS To increase female representation in engineering, AND INCLUSION Organization Founded Abbott Ireland recently launched the Future Women Leaders of Abbott (WLA) 2000 Female Engineer program, partnering with Atlantic Technological University to pursue Black Business Network (BBN) 2001 We are committed to creating an degrees in Mechatronic Systems.
This program environment that fosters diversity, Flex Network (part-time/flexible employees) 2001 is designed to develop existing female employees, typically operators, who do not have a third- equity, and inclusion (DEI)   driving our Asian Leadership and Cultural Network (ALCN) 2001 level technical qualification but are interested in business forward, fueling our creativity, LA VOICE Network (Hispanic and pursuing a career in engineering.
and inspiring collective innovations that Latino employees) 2005 can serve more people.
In addition to having dedicated study time, PRIDE (LGBTQ+ employees) 2007 participants will work reduced hours on-site as part of the local Abbott engineering team as they Women in STEM 2016 OUR APPROACH complete the three-year virtual degree program.
Veterans Network 2017 Course fees are fully funded by Abbott, with We strive to maintain an inclusive culture where participants receiving their normal annual salary, each person can bring their true self to work, and Early Career Network (ECN) 2018 building year on year as their experience and where everyone is valued for their contributions.
Abbott disABILITY Network 2021 knowledge grows.
One way we do this is through our Executive Diversity Council   a group that drives cross- OUR 2022 PERFORMANCE company DEI strategy development and DEVELOPING DIVERSE TALENT implementation.
The council meets throughout For more detailed insights into 2022 workforce the year with our Chairman and CEO to establish Each year, we host hundreds of interns through diversity, please see our 2022 DEI Report.
priorities and discuss progress.
our college and high school STEM internship programs.
Since the inception of the high school Communities of Support STEM internship in 2012, women have accounted Ten employee networks bring our employees for approximately 70% of former high school together to expand visibility and create interns later hired as full-time engineers.
In opportunities to engage with local communities, partnership with Advancing Minorities  Interest in develop professionally, and seek or provide Engineering (AMIE), Abbott launched an initiative mentorship.
Our employee networks take a to diversify and strengthen our workforce by leadership role in helping to bring attention to building cybersecurity curriculum capability at DEI-related issues.
With nearly 17,000 members Historically Black College and University (HBCU) overall, each network is sponsored by an engineering schools.
Among other actions, we Abbott corporate officer and supported by our funded cybersecurity internships for HBCU Diversity and Inclusion team.
students during summer 2022 (see page 18).
4433 GGLLOOBBAALL SSUUSSTTAAIINNAABBIILLIITTYY RREEPPOORRTT 22002222 AABBOOUUTT AACCCCEESSSS AANNDD AAFFFFOORRDDAABBIILLIITTYY DDAATTAA WWOORRKKFFOORRCCEE EENNVVIIRROONNMMEENNTT QQUUAALLIITTYY MMAANNAAGGEEMMEENNTT SSUUPPPPLLYY CCHHAAIINN GGOOVVEERRNNAANNCCEE AAPPPPEENNDDIIXX SPONSORING STEAM SUMMER CAMP 2022: DIVERSITY AND Women of Color STEM: Abbott sponsors Chicago Urban League s INCLUSION AWARDS   15 honorees Project Ready STEAM Summer Camp.
This two-week summer initiative aims to enrich Forefront 50: Black Engineer of the Year Award (BEYA): middle and high school students  educational   Top Corporations for Minority Businesses   12 honorees experiences.
The STEAM Summer Camp provides an interactive, educational program DiversityInc:   #3 Company for Diversity (listed for ETHNIC REPRESENTATION IN U.S. MANAGEMENT with activities and instruction that aids in 19 consecutive years) POSITIONS STEAM (science, technology, engineering, arts, Totals by race and math) career exploration.
DiversityInc s Top Companies Specialty Lists: White 65%   #1 Supplier Diversity Underrepresented groups 35% The goals and objectives of the STEAM Summer   #3 Environmental, Social, and Governance Camp include the following:   #4 Sponsorship   Middle and high school participants will show WORKPLACE GENDER DIVERSITY U.S.   #4 Native American and Pacific Islander an increased awareness of STEAM-related 2020 2021 2022 Executives academic and career pathways by the end of Female share of workforce 47% 47% 47%   #9 Philanthropy the STEAM Summer Camp.
Total management positions 42% 43% 43%   #9 People with Disabilities filled by women   Middle and high school student participants   #11 Mentoring Women in STEM-related 42% 43% 44% will increase interest in STEM and motivation   #11 Executive Diversity Councils positions to pursue STEM-related post-secondary   #22 Black Executives education and careers by end of the STEAM Summer Camp.
WORKPLACE GENDER DIVERSITY GLOBAL Seramount: 2020 2021 2022   22-time 100 Best Company Female share of workforce 45% 45% 45%   3-time 100 Best Company for Women in Total management positions 39% 40% 41% India (by Avtar/Seramount) filled by women   15-time Top Company for Executive Women Women in STEM-related 44% 45% 45% and Hall of Fame member positions   3-time Inclusion Index Company   4-time Best Company for Multicultural Women 4444 GGLLOOBBAALL SSUUSSTTAAIINNAABBIILLIITTYY RREEPPOORRTT 22002222 AABBOOUUTT AACCCCEESSSS AANNDD AAFFFFOORRDDAABBIILLIITTYY DDAATTAA WWOORRKKFFOORRCCEE EENNVVIIRROONNMMEENNTT QQUUAALLIITTYY MMAANNAAGGEEMMEENNTT SSUUPPPPLLYY CCHHAAIINN GGOOVVEERRNNAANNCCEE AAPPPPEENNDDIIXX EMPLOYEE Spring Health Digital Primary Care To advance our well-being offering in 2022, we During 2022, we implemented a digital primary WELL-BEING introduced Spring Health as our new mental care clinic for employees in S o Paulo, Brazil, healthcare provider for U.S. employees.
Spring to support all Brazilian employees, intended to Health provides personalized, confidential mental improve access to medical care and management Doing our best work starts with feeling health resources to our U.S. employees, their of chronic conditions.
Various services are offered, our best.
That is why Abbott offers covered family members, and everyone in their including periodic exams for primary care, household.
Their approach includes one-to-one COVID-19 testing and monitoring, and continuing innovative programs and solutions that support throughout the journey to better mental healthcare.
In 2022, more than 4,300 employee reward our efforts, recognize our rich health and also offers free life/work services, appointments were made.
diversity, promote healthy lifestyles, help parenting coaching, legal and financial services, our employees balance work and family, and more.
Through Spring Health, our employees The service includes a telehealth tool, which and provide financial security.
also have faster access to care through online has expanded the clinic s digital reach to 100% appointment requests.
Typically, employees will of Brazilian employees and their dependents have a confirmed appointment scheduled within (approximately 6,400 people).
It has proven to be OUR APPROACH approximately 20 minutes after completing a mental an effective tool, with a resolution rate of 91%.
health assessment.
Follow-up therapy appointments Abbott provides a robust combination of health, are available within two days on average, and all wellness, and life programs that provide security therapists are in-network for most plans, thereby for employees.
We also offer opportunities like A GLOBALLY helping ensure employees  access to affordable care.
flextime, part-time hours, compressed work weeks, RECOGNIZED reduced schedules, job sharing, and remote working.
Within the first six months of introducing the new COMMITMENT TO mental health and life/work service in July 2022, We continually monitor changing needs and OUR EMPLOYEES over 8,300 people at Abbott had created accounts offerings, working to provide innovative programs and a competitive well-being support program.
with more continuing to open accounts.
We prioritize well-being because we care about and value our employees.
While not motivated by Flexible Benefits OUR 2022 PERFORMANCE external recognition, we are proud to have our In Turkey, we offer a flexible benefits program.
global efforts noted.
Supporting Every Employee Employees can select from a list of optional We work to develop new programs to assist our benefits beyond our core medical and insurance Top Employers Institute: employees and their evolving concerns, because we offers   for example, travel vouchers, shopping   Top Employer in 10 countries know their needs are as diverse as they are.
vouchers, and fuel cards.
Continental certification in Europe and Middle East Science magazine Top 20 Employer 4455 GGLLOOBBAALL SSUUSSTTAAIINNAABBIILLIITTYY RREEPPOORRTT 22002222 AABBOOUUTT AACCCCEESSSS AANNDD AAFFFFOORRDDAABBIILLIITTYY DDAATTAA WWOORRKKFFOORRCCEE EENNVVIIRROONNMMEENNTT QQUUAALLIITTYY MMAANNAAGGEEMMEENNTT SSUUPPPPLLYY CCHHAAIINN GGOOVVEERRNNAANNCCEE AAPPPPEENNDDIIXX FINANCIAL AND Supporting Financial Well-Being17 Freedom 2 Save In addition to providing equitable compensation, Freedom 2 Save helps U.S. employees save for RETIREMENT we help employees build an ownership stake retirement while repaying student loans.
Since its in Abbott.
Offerings (where applicable) include launch in 2018, more than 2,400 employees have BENEFITS retirement savings programs, employee stock enrolled in the program.
Those putting at least purchase plans, and restricted stock units (RSUs) 2% of eligible pay toward student loan repayments awarded as long-term incentives.
receive a 5% 401(k) contribution from Abbott   Our financial and retirement programs amounting to contributions of over $5.5 million help our employees build a solid financial In 2022, Abbott granted RSUs to about 14,000 since inception.
We were the first company to future for themselves and their families.
employees across 73 countries and offered our help U.S. employees save for retirement while employee stock purchase plan in 63 countries with repaying student loans through our Freedom 2 44% of eligible employees participating.
Save program, which was recently codified by the OUR APPROACH federal government through the SECURE 2.0 Act.
Our financial security offerings include several We work to ensure employees are compensated innovative programs designed to address the issues Student Loan Support in the Netherlands fairly and without discrimination   regardless of we know employees face.
In the Netherlands, we developed a student loan race, ethnicity, or gender.
program in response to changes in government Freedom 2 Work university-level financing in 2015.
Fair compensation is based on three concepts: The Freedom 2 Work program was developed in   Base salaries and benefits that are the U.S. to leverage the knowledge and experience FreeU market competitive of our seasoned employees approaching retirement.
In 2021, we launched FreeU   a virtual program   Annual and long-term incentives linked to The initiative allows them to reduce their to help employees pursue a bachelor s degree performance, with a balance of short- and schedules, workloads, and/or responsibilities on flexible schedules at no personal cost when long-term financial and strategic objectives while continuing to build retirement income.
combined with our tuition reimbursement program.
Compensation that encourages behavior Over 1,800 employees have enrolled since 2008.
In 2022, 175 people enrolled in this program.
consistent with the ethical values in Abbott s In addition, we created a partial retirement Code of Business Conduct program in the Netherlands that allows those approaching retirement age   which has been gradually increasing   to maintain pension accumulation while reducing workload.
Sixteen percent of eligible employees currently participate.
4466 GGLLOOBBAALL SSUUSSTTAAIINNAABBIILLIITTYY RREEPPOORRTT 22002222 AABBOOUUTT AACCCCEESSSS AANNDD AAFFFFOORRDDAABBIILLIITTYY DDAATTAA WWOORRKKFFOORRCCEE EENNVVIIRROONNMMEENNTT QQUUAALLIITTYY MMAANNAAGGEEMMEENNTT SSUUPPPPLLYY CCHHAAIINN GGOOVVEERRNNAANNCCEE AAPPPPEENNDDIIXX EMPLOYEE HEALTH standards for managing the health and safety of Today, more than 130 occupational health everyone working at Abbott locations.
professionals support employee health and well- AND SAFETY being, and treat illnesses and injuries.
They also Each organization must comply with EHS conduct regular screenings and health education management programs, including: programs.
Site and divisional leaders track Keeping employees and contractors   Health and safety implementation of occupational health and well- healthy and safe is non-negotiable for   Strategic planning and prioritization being initiatives using a Global Health Scorecard.
Risk assessment/self-assessment Abbott.
We re committed to driving a   Business integration We also have a Reproductive Hazard Management culture of shared responsibility, embedding   Training and awareness Standard to help ensure the health and safety of safety considerations throughout our   Communication and information employees and their potential future children.
business process.
Performance measures Fostering a Culture of Health and Safety We evaluate commercial operations, manufacturing, Along with a dedicated EHS Policy, we utilize several OUR APPROACH and R&D sites on a regular basis.
Using an EHS technical and management standards, including: scorecard, senior leadership monitors performance   Risk Assessment and Self-Assessment Our Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) with results used to identify corrective actions.
Management Standard to assess and mitigate Leadership Council is made up of business and health and safety risks global EHS leaders who develop and drive our Occupational Health Services   Training and Awareness Management EHS programs, including those related to Our global Occupational Health Services (OHS) Standard to inform employees of risks employee health and safety.
team develops and maintains occupational health and job-specific hazards Abbott s EHS organization reports to the Senior policies, procedures, and guidelines, trains relevant   Topic-specific technical standards, e.g., Fleet Vice President, Quality Assurance, Regulatory employees, and consults on regulatory compliance.
Safety, Control of Hazardous Energy, Confined and Engineering Services, who reports to our Together with the EHS team, the OHS team Spaces, Ergonomics, Electrical Safety, Biological Chairman and CEO.
The commercial EHS leads our response to public health emergencies Safety, and Working at Heights organization is divided across six regions, each with the potential to impact our employees and   Emergency Preparedness Standard to establish with a dedicated manager.
Safety representatives our business.
The team also implements Abbott s requirements for emergency preparedness and teams at each Abbott site help ensure internal global employee health and productivity strategy, planning and ensuring health and safety on-site EHS programs are implemented successfully.
supported by our OHS Standard, which requires and in surrounding communities each facility to have designated healthcare At the end of 2022, 23 Abbott sites were certified professionals with site-specific knowledge.
All EHS management and technical standards to International Organization for Standardization are detailed online.
(ISO) 45001:2018.
We regularly update global 4477 GGLLOOBBAALL SSUUSSTTAAIINNAABBIILLIITTYY RREEPPOORRTT 22002222 AABBOOUUTT AACCCCEESSSS AANNDD AAFFFFOORRDDAABBIILLIITTYY DDAATTAA WWOORRKKFFOORRCCEE EENNVVIIRROONNMMEENNTT QQUUAALLIITTYY MMAANNAAGGEEMMEENNTT SSUUPPPPLLYY CCHHAAIINN GGOOVVEERRNNAANNCCEE AAPPPPEENNDDIIXX Protecting Our Employees OUR 2022 PERFORMANCE RECOGNIZING EXCELLENCE Through our team of experienced security IN EMPLOYEE SAFETY We consistently update our protocols to safeguard professionals and subject matter experts, the against occupational injuries and illness.
Each We prioritize workplace safety in every single Employee Safety Group executes a variety of division actively implements initiatives to drive Abbott site.
Our Plant of the Year award is protective programs all focused on one common improvements.
As well as introducing new given to locations where EHS practices help Duty of Care goal   keeping our employees measures, we maintain and evolve our existing raise the bar.
The recipients for 2022 were our accounted for, safe, and secure.
The Global practices and provide targeted training in key Electrophysiology and Structural Heart plant Communications Center monitors world events to areas, such as the safe-driving program to reduce in Costa Rica and our Diabetes Care plant in proactively identify emerging threats and tactically vehicle accidents across Abbott.
Donegal, Ireland (pictured below).
get the right information to the right decision- makers right away.
Situational Awareness For Enhancing Lockout/Tagout Control We also award EHS Excellence Awards every Everyone Everywhere (SAFEE) briefings boost We demand strict safety protocols are followed year, selecting standout individuals and teams employee personal security awareness mindset when servicing and maintaining equipment.
It s from a pool of over 100 nominations.
Categories and attitude.
In 2022, it was provided to more than why, in 2022, we focused on enhancing Abbott s include Health & Safety, Environmental 12,000 employees.
Regional security experts and Control of Hazardous Energy processes.
These Sustainability, Product Stewardship, our Travel Safety program help identify high- processes, known as lockout/tagout, are critical to Occupational Health, and Community Outreach.
risk travel destinations and protect employees prevent severe employee injuries.
Refresher sessions traveling for work.
The Threat Management team were delivered to approximately 500 employees partners with corporate stakeholders to keep and contractors during our 2022 EHS Awareness Abbott s work environments safe and reduce the Campaign, and during global sessions we brought incidence and impact of troubling situations.
The in a speaker to emphasize the importance of strictly Executive Protection and Special Events Support following lockout/tagout processes.
teams partner with senior leadership stakeholders to create safe environments for employees and senior leaders participating in a variety of Abbott- OHS PERFORMANCE sponsored events including senior leadership 2019 2020 2021 2022 gatherings, Abbott World Marathons Majors, and Lost-Time Case Rate18 division-level conferences.
Employee and 0.30 0.13 0.13 0.12 Contractor Vehicle Accidents per Million Miles Field-based 3.81 2.70 2.61 2.56 Employees Only Recordable Case Rate18 Employee and 0.46 0.28 0.30 0.25 Contractor 4488 GGLLOOBBAALL SSUUSSTTAAIINNAABBIILLIITTYY RREEPPOORRTT 22002222 AABBOOUUTT AACCCCEESSSS AANNDD AAFFFFOORRDDAABBIILLIITTYY DDAATTAA WWOORRKKFFOORRCCEE EENNVVIIRROONNMMEENNTT QQUUAALLIITTYY MMAANNAAGGEEMMEENNTT SSUUPPPPLLYY CCHHAAIINN GGOOVVEERRNNAANNCCEE AAPPPPEENNDDIIXX HUMAN RIGHTS We maintain policies, including our Code of Business IDENTIFYING AND MANAGING HUMAN Conduct and policy on workplace harassment, that RIGHTS RISKS reinforce our zero tolerance for any discrimination.
All employees must adhere to relevant laws They detail steps for reporting instances of We are committed to actively protecting and Abbott s policies, procedures, principles, and workplace harassment or discrimination and human rights.
standards.
Our Code of Business Conduct prohibits clearly define escalation processes.
illegal and inappropriate labor conditions, and cruel or inhumane treatment.
U.S. employees are required to complete Our processes for managing human rights risks are anti-harassment training every two years, and In our supply chain, we establish human rights embedded throughout the business, encompassing beginning in 2021, all managerial employees are expectations of strategic suppliers we enter a workforce policies, ethics and compliance required to complete unconscious bias training.
business relationship with through our Supplier programs, supply chain management, and more.
Our global problem-solving policy encourages Guidelines, and conduct assessment, monitoring, We regularly evaluate risk exposure, including employees and management to maintain open lines and auditing of strategic suppliers to identify and annual risk assessment of strategic suppliers of communication, calling attention to issues as mitigate potential risks, including those related in our supply chain.
they arise.
The policy also details alternative steps to human rights.
For further information, see employees can take to resolve issues or concerns.
We aim to proactively identify and mitigate pages 71 74.
potential human rights impacts across our We investigate all reported allegations of We also address human rights risks in our other operations and supply chain, including risks of: harassment or discrimination in a confidential business relationships, including through our   Discrimination and unequal pay manner and, where necessary, take corrective Third-Party Compliance Process, which requires   Unsafe working conditions action.
Consequences for employees include Abbott businesses, subsidiaries, and affiliates   Human trafficking disciplinary action, up to and including outside the U.S. to complete due diligence before   Child labor termination.
Read more about our processes for engaging third-party companies.
This involves   Forced or bonded labor reporting, investigating, and addressing instances screening companies, identifying high-risk of harassment and discrimination on page 85.
partners, and monitoring and mitigating any potential risks, including human rights risks.
For further information, see page 86.
Find more about our discrimination and harassment approach on page 86; compensation and benefits on page 46; and health and safety on page 47.
4499 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX PROTEC T A HE ALTH Y EN VIRONMENT As champions for health, we do more than develop life-changing products and technologies.
We take targeted action to help protect our environment.
IN THIS SECTION 51 OUR APPROACH TO A HEALTHY ENVIRONMENT 53 ENERGY AND EMISSIONS 56 PROTECTING WATER RESOURCES 59 WASTE MANAGEMENT 62 PACKAGING 63 RESPONSIBLE SOURCING AND PRODUCT STEWARDSHIP Tommy Kennedy, Manager, Engineering & EHS, Abbott Nutrition Supply Chain, Sligo, Ireland 50 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX OUR APPROACH emerging governance practices and trends, global compliance matters, and sustainability reporting.
OUR 2022 PROGRESS TO A HEALTHY Three leadership councils support implementation ENVIRONMENT of EHS programs, covering concepts from product SBTi TARGETS and facility design to operation to sales and service.
approved for Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions We are evolving our operations to better Global Operations Council (GOC)   Oversees operations strategy across manufacturing, 5% preserve a healthy environment, building supply chain, engineering, and EHS.
absolute reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions a more resilient, responsible business.
Commercial EHS Executive Council in 2022 (vs.
2018 baseline)2   Sets EHS priorities, goals, and objectives for commercial operations.
WATER STEWARDSHIP OUR APPROACH EHS Leadership Council certification* achieved for two of our high-water- We rely on natural resources to manufacture and supply products that help people around the   Sets EHS strategy and helps ensure execution impact sites and internal practices were finalized of programs.
world live healthy, full lives.
We are committed to   Builds company awareness and sharing of using them as responsibly as possible to preserve INITIATED ENGAGEMENTS EHS best practices.
a healthy environment   now and for future with five water-intense suppliers in water- generations.
A comprehensive environmental, Policies, Regulations, and Auditing stressed areas and five suppliers to reduce the health, and safety (EHS) approach and defined We maintain policies and standards that align with environmental impact of materials sent to governance drive our efforts.
best practices, regulatory trends, and requirements Abbott that become waste and seek to ensure we operate in accordance with Our Management Approach applicable requirements.
29M Abbott s EHS organization reports to the Senior Vice President, Quality Assurance, Regulatory pounds of packaging impacted through Our comprehensive global audit program monitors and Engineering Services, who reports to our sustainable design programs compliance with applicable environmental Chairman and CEO.
The Senior Vice President is regulations.
It also identifies potential risks to also the executive sponsor for the development our business and employees.
We evaluate EHS 90% and implementation of our environmental strategy, risk factors for each site annually, using insights waste diversion rate from our operations including climate change and water.
The Board of to determine audit frequency.
Following audits, Directors and its committees have oversight over corrective action plans are developed, implemented, Abbott s environmental, social, and governance and monitored where needed.
The audit program practices.
The Board has regular discussions with also informs standards and regulatory training management on sustainability matters, as well requirements for relevant employees through the as workplace, management, and Board diversity, identification of potential risks to business.
* Abbott Granada in Spain and Abbott Temecula in the U.S. are Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) Core Certified Sites.
Our EHS policies and standards are available online.
For more information visit a4ws.org/certification.
51 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX Environmental and Ecosystem Protection 2022 ENVIRONMENTAL CERTIFICATIONS Recognizing the vital role protecting biodiversity 2022 and ecosystems plays in environmental Total sites certified to ISO 50001:2018 65 ENVIRONMENTAL and/or ISO 14001:2015 management, we maintain technical standards IMPACT REDUCTION designed to prevent unpermitted environmental Total ISO 14001:2015 Certifications 51 releases.
Each Abbott facility must comply Manufacturing Sites Certified 40 PROJECTS with these standards as well as relevant Non-manufacturing Sites Certified 11 external regulations.
Our sites regularly establish and deliver projects Total ISO 50001:2018 Certifications 30 to address environmental impacts and the Manufacturing Sites Certified 18 We assess environmental risk from our operations unique requirements of their region.
Developing Non-manufacturing Sites Certified 12 and our supply chain, and we are working across facilities for environmental efficiency can also functions to establish a biodiversity program.
achieve significant financial savings.
We also consider external certification   such as Engaging Employees International Organization for Standardization 127 PROJECTS EHS employees are trained on relevant regulatory (ISO)   where they add business value.
By the requirements and Abbott s standards.
We further end of 2022, 52% of manufacturing sites had been completed engage employees in environmental efforts certified under ISO 14001:2015   Environmental through evaluations of EHS leaders against annual Management Systems   and/or ISO 50001:2018   47 SITES EHS performance goals, dedicated forums for Energy Management Systems   standards.
These across 16 countries discussing priority EHS issues, and our annual sites represent 68% of our manufacturing site EHS Awards Program.
square footage.
$ 7.5M Utilizing External Standards Mergers and Acquisitions expected annual savings* We consider Leadership in Energy and Our EHS Policy requires that EHS liability and Environmental Design (LEED) certification compliance evaluations are completed on property 27 MILLION KWH when building new facilities, and have certified and business acquisitions and divestitures.
annual energy savings* and approximately 17 projects under LEED standards, including Compliance with our EHS Policy is also 7,000 metric tons of CO2e emissions reduced* 1 platinum, 4 gold, and 6 silver certifications.
incorporated into all new acquisitions.
Abbott develops multi-year integration plans to 6,800 MEGALITERS align acquisitions with our EHS management of water saved* practices, standards, and policy.
Integration progress is monitored and verified by an 1,100 METRIC TONS internal EHS compliance audit.
of waste eliminated* * All figures are annual and approximate.
52 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX ENERGY AND Our Carbon Footprint20 EMISSIONS 93% Scope 3 4% Scope 1 3% Scope 2 Reducing climate impact is key to a healthy planet.
We re working to deliver results against near-term science-based targets to reduce carbon emissions.
OUR APPROACH Our energy and air emissions recording and reduction programs are outlined in our Energy Policy, technical standards, and energy guidelines.
Scope 3 Breakdown*20 These activities are supported by and driven through our global EHS Governance team and 0.1% Waste from operations 2% Business travel cross-divisional Energy Council, with a focus on: 2% Fuel and energy (not Scope 1 or 2)   Energy efficiency in manufacturing operations   Low-carbon energy investments 2% End-of-life treatment   Transportation fleet efficiency   Supply chain carbon footprint 2% Employee commuting OUR FOOTPRINT 5% Use of sold products Our first action in addressing our carbon footprint 5% Capital goods is to measure and track annual emissions.
These emissions cover Scope 1 (direct), 2 (indirect),19 and 3.20 20% Transportation and distribution 63% Purchased goods and services *Sum of percentages listed is greater than 100% due to rounding.
53 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX Emissions Targets Based on Science19 Our Scope 1 and 2 emissions, and Scope 3 emissions CDP (formerly known as the Carbon Disclosure We are continuing to reduce our emissions as well related to business travel and operational waste Project) Climate Change Disclosure Response as strengthen our commitments to reductions production, undergo third-party limited assurance (2022).
* The environmental metrics we track and for our global operations.
In 2022, the Science annually.
Our latest assurance statement is report against are available on page 98.
Based Targets initiative (SBTi) approved Abbott s available on the Environmental Policy page of near-term science-based greenhouse gas (GHG) our website.
Regulated Air Emissions emission reduction targets and classified our Any Abbott facilities using substances containing Scope 1 and 2 targets as aligning with a well-below Climate Change Adaptation ozone-depleting or hazardous/toxic air pollutants, 2 C trajectory.
We re also taking action to protect people s health as classified by local environmental protection in a world impacted by climate change, focusing agencies, adhere to applicable regulations.
We aim to reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions in two areas: tracking and finding solutions for They also abide by Abbott s technical standards to by 30% by 2030 (vs.
2018),21 with a program that emerging health threats and preparing frontline help ensure protection of human and environmental targets reductions through: systems and communities.
Across our business health.
Our Supplier Guidelines establish that the   Operational energy efficiency and reduced and in collaboration with others, we re working same standards are expected of Abbott suppliers.
energy demands to identify and address emerging health issues,   Purchase of renewable energy strengthen underlying systems, and help build A More Energy-Efficient Global Operation   Electrification of industrial processes, more resilient communities.
To read about our To make progress on site-specific and Abbott spaces, and fleets work to address emerging health threats, see page emission reduction targets, we are retrofitting   Conversion to cleaner fuel options 16.
To read about our efforts to build resilience in equipment and advancing in-house energy   Integration of sustainable engineering communities affected by disasters, see page 23.
management.
Several sites collect sub-metered energy data to identify and quantify manufacturing technologies and concepts into projects Assessing Our Climate Risk inefficiencies.
These insights inform a list of priority   Business and manufacturing site-specific carbon Our EHS Governance team, along with key Abbott energy demand reduction projects across Abbott.
reduction goals22 functions such as Legal, Regulatory, Supply Chain, We also build for sustainability, with environmental Scope 3 emissions are estimated annually using the Risk Management, Business Continuity, and considerations front of mind during design and GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Finance, monitors emerging climate-related trends construction stages.
Accounting and Reporting Standard, referring and regulations.
This allows us to analyze potential to the categories20 applicable to Abbott.
We are business impacts, understand risk exposure, and For example, our new facility under construction in working with key carbon-intensive suppliers to develop appropriate mitigation strategies.
Kilkenny, Ireland, will incorporate key sustainable design features including implementing energy reduce our Scope 3 footprint.
Abbott has The Task Force on Climate-related Financial efficiency, green building concepts, and effective committed that 82% of its suppliers by emissions Disclosures (TCFD) outlines how companies waste management throughout the construction covering purchased goods and services and should report on climate-related risks and and operational phases.
upstream transportation and distribution will have mitigation strategies.
Our TCFD index details our science-based targets by 2026.
Read more about disclosures.
We also share information in our latest supply chain efforts on page 75.
* CDP 2022 responses reflect 2021 reporting year.
54 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX OUR 2022 PERFORMANCE We continue to encourage employees to reduce consumption at the site such that by the end their commuting impacts through providing on- of October 2022, electricity consumption on a Throughout 2022, absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions site EV charging stations as well as promoting per unit production basis was approximately production decreased by 0.4% compared to 2021.
car-sharing and public transportation use.
As part 30% lower than the previous year, while steam When adjusted for sales, Scope 1 and 2 emissions of our site environmental sustainability efforts, consumption on the same basis was about 36% decreased by 1.7% over this same period.
14 additional EV stations were installed at Abbott lower than the previous year.
Park corporate headquarters, six EV stations Powering Our Facilities Our ongoing Renewable Energy Procurement installed at our Molecular business in the U.S., and We also seek opportunities to reduce our emission initiative drives efforts to increase use of 12 EV stations at our Nutrition business in Spain.
impact beyond energy reduction.
At a medical devices facility in the U.S., we implemented renewables.
In 2022, we purchased 180 million kWh Sustainably Upgrading Our Facilities a process change to switch to a lower global of low-carbon and renewable energy, resulting in Our cross-functional teams search for ways to warming potential (GWP) material.
This change savings of about 76,500 metric tons of CO2e.
These retrofit facilities for sustainability.
At our nutrition resulted in less air emissions and an annual GHG savings were complemented by the roughly 2.6 million kWh generated from solar installations site in Zwolle, the Netherlands, we installed a heat saving of about 1,300 metric tons CO2e per year   recovery and pump system.
The system harnesses which represents about a 40% reduction of total at 10 of our sites.
We anticipate this value will grow in the future with support from the: heat energy produced by other systems   such as CO2e emissions at this site.
chillers, air compressors, and production units     Launch of our Technical Guidelines to to heat water in the site s new aseptic production Upgrading Our Energy and Environmental Impact Tool Purchasing Renewable Energy, intended to line, reducing energy procurement requirements.
In 2022, we implemented upgrades to our Energy guide sites to increase efforts in renewable The installation has also reduced GHG emissions, and Environmental Impact Tool, an embedded energy procurement resulting in an annual decrease of about 1,700 element in our engineering Front-End Planning   Three additional sites that received Abbott metric tons of CO2e emissions.
process.
These upgrades incorporate principles funding in 2022 to install on-site solar panels from industry standards and allow project At our Rapid Diagnostics site in China, a team teams to identify and model energy-efficient and Increasingly Green Transport analyzed operational site energy consumption and environmentally sustainable concepts for inclusion To manage fuel consumption in our commercial identified opportunities for energy conservation.
in the capital project design.
fleet, we have established requirements for vehicle In 2022, the site implemented several energy- fuel efficiency.
We are converting our U.K. fleet saving projects, including replacing air handling from traditional internal combustion and hybrid unit motors with more energy-efficient motors, vehicles to electric vehicles (EVs).
installing a heat recovery system to recover heat from the air conditioning system s dehumidifier, To date, we have replaced about 34% of the U.K. and repairing and refurbishing steam piping fleet with EVs, with a plan to transition the insulation.
These projects helped reduce energy remainder of the U.K. fleet in the coming years.
[Iimage caption] 55 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX PROTECTING Tailoring Our Management Approach OUR 2022 WATER FOOTPRINT* Our water management approach centers around WATER RESOURCES four principles, as communicated through our 77% 22% Position Statement on Access to Clean Water: Municipal Fresh surface and water groundwater Water sustains life, health, and ecosystems.
Reduce: Continuously work to improve 0.3% <0.1% water-use efficiency in our operations.
It also plays a critical role in our operations.
Rainwater Water from   P revent: Manage water discharges that That s why we re committed to responsible collected on-site raw materials could adversely impact human health or water use in the communities where the environment.
we operate.
Educate: Emphasize to our employees and suppliers the importance of protecting groundwater and other water resources IN OUR APPROACH vulnerable to overuse or contamination, and the role they play in doing so.
Our annual mapping process helps us understand   Engage: Develop and apply key water where we source and where we discharge water.
11% management principles and best practices This provides us with greater insight into our Water recycled23 across our company.
operational impacts on local basins.
Most of our on-site for facility applications and sites discharge water to municipal treatment plants We tailor this approach, and our efforts to not in product before release to the environment.
Those that treat mitigate potential risks, to local circumstances water on-site and discharge it directly are required to help ensure business continuity.
to meet relevant local regulations.
OUT Wherever we use and discharge water, we work to minimize the impact we have on the quality and quantity of local sources.
In some instances, we have established initiatives that address the most pressing local needs   whether that s quality, 17% 68% quantity, or other concerns for those who rely on Water consumed Water treated this precious natural resource.
in process by municipality 15% Water returned to environment *Sum of percentages listed is less than 100% due to rounding.
56 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX OUR CONTEXT-BASED WATER RISK MANAGEMENT APPROACH Water mitigation requirements depend on water stress and water use.
All our sites must comply with internal and external requirements regardless of their context.
We also apply stronger mitigation measures in water-stressed Not sites and high water use sites: Water- Water- Level 1: High Water Use stressed stressed Site*   Evaluate local water risks Site*   I dentify opportunities to mitigate water-related risk   Set and track water targets   Engage local stakeholders + High Water Use Level 1 + High Water Use Level 1 Level 2: Medium Low Water Use   Evaluate local water risks + Medium Low Water Use Level 2   I dentify opportunities to mitigate water-related risk   Set and track water targets *Baseline water stress using the WRI AqueductTM tool.
Managing Water Risks use intensity.
This analysis allows us to tailor our OUR 2022 PERFORMANCE Our water management technical standard water management systems accordingly to reduce We took concerted efforts throughout 2022 to details requirements for monitoring Abbott s impacts at sites identified as exposed to water stress.
reduce our water use and impacts.
Total water impact on resources in communities where we intake in 2022 decreased by 0.2% versus the operate, including: Read more about how we manage water risks in previous year.
When adjusted for sales, water our CDP Water Disclosure Response (2022)*   Implementing management plans and targets intake decreased by 1.5% compared to 2021.
(section W4.2b).
for mitigating risks   Engaging key local stakeholders to fully See page 109 for key water metrics.
Engaging Key Suppliers understand water-related risks We initiated engagements with key suppliers on Water Stewardship Certification initiatives to reduce water quality and quantity We use a context-based approach to water In 2022, 24 manufacturing sites were identified as risk.
Read more about our 2022 supply chain management, annually assessing for resilience, using operating in areas of water stress.
Of those, 42% efforts on page 75.
the World Resource Institute (WRI) Aqueduct    a used less than 15 million gallons (57 megaliters) of global water-risk mapping tool   to analyze local water.
Considering basin water stress, basin water water stress and evaluate against our internal water depletion level, and water usage, 11 manufacturing sites were deemed high water impact.
* CDP responses reflect 2021 reporting year.
57 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX We have targeted these high-water-impact Supporting Local Water Needs sites for Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) Successful water management should also consider certification, an achievement that indicates site local water and biodiversity needs.
We work with commitment to: local partners to support these demands.
For example, our Granada site donates empty 1,000kg   Good water governance bulk containers to a local forest regeneration   Sustainable water balance nongovernmental organization (NGO) that supports   Good water quality status the irrigation of trees and gives a second life to   Important water-related areas these vessels.
Our Temecula, California, site has   Safe water, sanitation, and hygiene (WASH) also partnered with our waste disposal company to Abbott Granada in Spain and Abbott Temecula in provide compost to a local winery to improve soil the U.S. are Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) conditions and enhance water retention.
Core Certified Sites.
For more information visit a4ws.org/certification.
Site Upgrades to Optimize Water Use To drive greater water-use efficiency, we are Water Stewardship Management Practices committed to finding ways to upgrade our existing In 2022, the EHS Governance team finalized sites and processes every year.
In 2022, one of our Abbott s internal water stewardship management medical device facilities in California converted practices, complete with accompanying guidance the site s turf to drought-resistant plants utilizing and standardized templates.
This process included drip irrigation.
This project will save about engagement of subject matter experts across 4.5 megaliters of water every year at this Abbott and approval from relevant councils to water-stressed site.
At a diagnostics facility in finalize and publish.
Ireland, an opportunity to recover reject water from a reverse osmosis (RO) treatment step was Thirteen manufacturing sites were identified as implemented to redirect the reject water back into being in water-stressed areas but not classified the pre-treatment process.
The project is yielding a as high water impact.
We have engaged these wastewater reduction of approximately 1,000 liters sites via our community of practice, and all non- per hour, ultimately saving about 8.8 megaliters of high-water-impact manufacturing sites in water- water per year.
We also implemented a project at stressed areas completed efforts to implement our medical device site in Costa Rica to collect Phase 1 of the accredited water stewardship graywater from various sources, such as laundry, management practices.
The first phase focuses condensation from air conditioning, rain, and on understanding water management within the cooling towers blowdown, and to use this internal boundaries of the facility.
graywater instead of potable water as feed water for toilets.
This initiative resulted in annual water savings of about 14.8 megaliters.
58 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX WASTE   Design, production, and distribution: We Efforts to manage and reduce our waste footprint consider the environmental and social impacts are supported by safe material handling training MANAGEMENT of how we produce and deliver our proX dX u% ct I sn .
cinerated (withou fot r relevant manufacturing workers.
XX% Other energy recovery)   Consumption: We aim for our products to be consumed andX Xd%is pLaonsdefidll of in environmentally Read about our waste diversion initiatives with key Products have potential impacts on responsible ways.
XX% Incineratseud p(wpitlhieorust on page 78.
XX% Other energy recovery) human health and the environment at XX,XXX XX% Landfill every stage of their life cycle.
We are U.S. TONS committed to reducing these impacts beyond the manufacturing phase.
XX,XXX OUR OPERATXIXO%N InAcinLe raWteAd STE FOOTPUR.
ISN.
TTONS (with energy recovery) XX% Recycled OUR APPROACH WASTE GENERATED IN 2022 BENEFICIAL USE IN 202224 XX% Incinerated Our waste management strategy commits us 22% Landfilled 4% (with energy Incinerated 5% Wood to finding ethical, economical, and efficient recovery) without XX% Recycled 1% O ther, ways to reduce the volume and hazardous Diverted energy 6% Unused product waste 6% Construction and characteristics of our waste and helps ensure demolition proper disposal practices.
It also goes further, 5% Cafeteria 2% C orrugate and with a commitment to maximize recovery 66,000 cardboard Corrugate/Cardboard 2% of resources and improve operating efficiency METRIC TONS2 18% UPnroudsucetdion P roduct Waste 6% while reducing environmental risks and impacts.
waste Wood 5% 107,000 We work to reduce the impact of our products ConstrCuocrtrioung a&t eD/eCmarodlbitoioanrd 6 2%% METRIC TONS2 and services   including the waste they CafeteUrian u5s%e d Product Waste 6% 24% 49% Recycled produce   throughout the life cycle: Incinerated ProducWtiooond W 5a%ste 18% with energy Other C 1o8n%struction & Demolition 6%   P rocurement: We engage strategic suppliers NutritiCoanf ebtyeprirao d5%uc t 40% to help ensure operational inputs   e.g., raw 40% Nutrition Production Waste 18% materials, processed goods, and services   Lanbydpfiroldluecdt 22% 18% Other Other 18% Incinerated without energy 4% are procured ethically and sustainably.
Nutrition byproduct 40% Incinerated with energy 24% RecB yen ce lfiLecadianl u 4dse 9fi i %sl ulseindg m2a2te%rial as an effective substitute for a commercial product or commodity rather than sending off-site as waste.
Other, Innocitn learnadtefidlle wdi t1h%out energy 4% Incinerated with energy 24% Recycled 49% Other, not landfilled 1% 59 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX Closing the Loop on Operational Waste standard has requirements for proper management WORKING TO CLOSE THE LOOP We are targeting a circular economy approach of hazardous waste, and for decontaminating ON WASTE to reduce impacts from waste by 2030, aiming to biohazardous waste prior to final disposal.
It We are making good progress to meeting our achieve and maintain a waste diversion rate of at also details training requirements for any Abbott goal of maintaining a waste diversion rate of least 90%.
25 In 2022, we reached a 90% rate by employee or contractor working with waste.
at least 90% by 2030.25 diverting 62% of materials to beneficial use, and a further 28% away from incineration without OUR 2022 PERFORMANCE NATURAL energy recovery and landfill.
Waste production decreased by 5.6% in 2022.
RESOURCES When adjusted for sales, waste production This approach reflects our commitment to finding decreased 6.8% versus 2021.
responsible and economical ways to reduce the volume of waste we produce while ensuring Recycled In 2022, two manufacturing facilities and four effective disposal practices.
We are innovating non-manufacturing facilities received Zero Waste- processes to maximize resource recovery to-Landfill certification.
This expands our total considering a circular approach.
Beneficial use24 Zero Waste-to-Landfill program, which includes 39 manufacturing and 12 non-manufacturing We have standards and guidelines addressing facilities certified since our program began in 2012.
Incineration with hazardous and nonhazardous waste, as well as energy recovery beneficial use activities.
These include a range of Reducing Waste and Increasing Waste Diversion waste management strategies, such as: Through Site Initiatives Other,   Incorporating preventive maintenance and Abbott continues to look for ways to reduce the Diverted process design to eliminate waste generation generation of waste and increase waste diversion   Processing waste reduction through diagnosing at the site level.
At our nutrition site in Singapore, 90% and fixing problems that would otherwise result the site s Waste Diversion Committee identified Waste in waste generation several opportunities to reduce waste and/or diversion   Reducing waste through product design, increase diversion rate.
One such opportunity was material input, and purchasing decisions to find a beneficial use for a raw material waste   Partnering across other value chains to that was previously being incinerated.
This effort promote beneficial use will result in a waste reduction of approximately MANUFACTURE   Segregating waste material properly 128 metric tons annually at the site as this waste   Recycling and incinerating with energy recovery material will now be composted and used as fertilizer.
Another waste reduction opportunity Managing Hazardous and Chemical Waste identified by this same committee was to divert We are prioritizing reducing the proportion of food waste from incineration to the site s new waste classified as hazardous (around 12% of our 10% food digester.
This will result in approximately 2022 waste footprint).
Our waste management 18 metric tons of material annually beneficially Trash used as compost.
60 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX In alignment with our goal to maintain a waste during each container load and offers automated used as an ingredient in this company s process, diversion rate of 90%, we seek opportunities to communications with recommendations to prolonging the useful life of these materials in move waste away from landfilling and incineration optimize container sizing and pickup frequency.
alignment with our circular economy approach.
without energy recovery.
Examples that were Teams have leveraged this technology to pursue initiated this year include collecting safety shoes data-driven actions while optimizing waste Working With Our Suppliers to recycle the rubber soles, collecting expired vendor spends.
Abbott continues to work with We re engaging suppliers in our efforts to lower safety helmets to recycle the hard plastic shell, waste vendors in various capacities to implement the impact of packaging as part of our circular and expanding a recycling program to include all innovative solutions to increase diversion rates.
economy approach.
Throughout 2022, we initiated single-use personal protective equipment (PPE).
engagements with five key suppliers to reduce Our manufacturing plant in Brazil identified the environmental impacts of inbound materials, Minimizing Waste Impacts Through Innovation a unique waste disposal alternative through discussing mutually beneficial opportunities to Abbott sites in California, Oregon, and Minnesota a partnership established in 2022 with a local prevent them becoming waste.
To support these have piloted a technology that equips front-load company.
Approximately 10.9 metric tons per discussions, we developed standardized supplier- waste containers with machine-learning-equipped year of gel packaging used to thermally protect facing information for use by cross-business camera hardware.
The technology flags instances received manufacturing materials was previously supplier relationship managers.
of improperly sorted waste (e.g., trash in recycling) incinerated for disposal.
This quantity is now Line workers at Abbott s nutrition plant in Singapore monitor the packaging process.
61 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX PACKAGING has eliminated the need for packaging rework, and OUR SUSTAINABLE PACKAGING reduced the amount of wasted corrugate material GUIDING PRINCIPLES by redesigning the shippers for the product.
Read more about our supplier partnerships for We are continually assessing design and environmental impacts on page 75.
manufacturing processes to enhance our packaging   balancing the need for OUR 2022 PERFORMANCE Optimize Material Efficiency protecting the product with protecting (Eliminate and Reduce) Sustainable Packaging Project Roadmap the planet.
In July 2022, we established a detailed three-year   Eliminate unnecessary components roadmap for sustainable packaging.
The guide   Reduce packaging materials includes investment required and a KPI tracking OUR APPROACH system for our 2030 packaging commitment.
Recognizing the impact our packaging can have on Projects focus on the optimization of existing the environment, we re designing for recyclability, packaging and institutionalizing sustainable efficiency, and increasingly positive impact.
Our packaging design for new projects.
Employ Circularity Principles Sustainable Packaging Council has designed a (Smart Design and Material Selection) We are actively monitoring progress and database for reporting predicted progress against   Replace problematic materials establishing divisional reporting with data division projections for packaging projects.
These   Design for disassembly collection.
We continue to socialize the importance next-decade figures guide Abbott functions as they   Design for recyclability of sustainable packaging and communicate broadly collaborate to design and manufacture packaging   Design for reuse with our internal Sustainable Packaging Council to with environmental sustainability as a priority.
Utilize renewable materials identify projects that contribute to our goal.
Integrate recycled content Our 2030 commitment is to address 50 million Transitioning to More Responsible Materials pounds of packaging through high-impact Our medicines business is addressing over 280,000 sustainable design programs that employ pounds* of packaging by transitioning non- circularity principles.
Sustainable Packaging recyclable borosilicate glass bottles to a widely Guiding Principles inform existing packaging recyclable polyethylene terephthalate (PET) Balance Packaging Systems Holistically upgrades and target new, more sustainable designs.
material.
In addition, 1.3 million pounds* of fiber-   Optimize cube efficiency based packaging purchased and consumed in   Provide consumer direction Including Suppliers in Our Circular Economy Approach We re engaging suppliers in our efforts to lower Colombia was certified by the Forest Stewardship   Improve carbon footprint the impact of packaging as part of our circular Council (FSC).
economy approach.
In Australia, as part of our Organic Pediasure rollout, our shipper supplier * Savings based on annualized reductions.
62 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX RESPONSIBLE current regulations for hazardous chemicals, not The evaluation process creates an opportunity to just those in place at the time of development.
research suitable alternatives, including potential SOURCING product performance and cost impacts.
Business Conflict minerals include tantalum, tin, tungsten, management reviews recommendations for next AND PRODUCT and gold   also known as 3TG minerals.
We steps, including justification for substance use, maintain due diligence processes for 3TG sourcing product support strategies, and business risk STEWARDSHIP and use.
We file an annual Form SD26 and Conflict monitoring and mitigation plans.
Minerals Report with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, accessible via our Conflict Our product stewardship program tracks and We work with key supply chain partners Minerals webpage.
As a member of the Responsible addresses hazardous chemical legislation and to understand the wider effects of our Minerals Initiative, we use its Reporting Template supports the implementation of conflict mineral to survey suppliers on conflict materials.
due diligence.
We offer product stewardship products.
These partnerships inform training to all relevant teams, including R&D, stewardship by providing insight into Product Stewardship Supply Chain, Procurement, and EHS.
steps of the product life cycle.
Product stewardship covers design to end of life.
To help ensure compliance with applicable Our Corporate Product Stewardship organization regulations, our product stewardship focuses updates all company areas on potential business OUR APPROACH on minimizing use of hazardous chemicals impacts of changes to regulatory requirements for Our Product Stewardship, Supply Chain, R&D, and substances of concern and managing hazardous chemicals.
Our regulatory intelligence Engineering, and EHS groups collaborate to these materials in products, packaging, and process follows business level actions to confirm analyze how and what we source.
Relevant manufacturing processes.
we remain compliant and helps ensure potential teams partner to identify and mitigate impacts are identified in a timely manner.
Assessments are conducted for substances of environmental impacts of our packaging concern or restricted materials for new and and products.
changed products.
When substances are identified, risk assessments are prepared, following Hazardous Chemicals and Conflict Minerals Hazardous chemicals are those that pose a risk to evaluation of: human and environmental health.
We comply with   Whether continued use can be justified relevant regulations for product use, recycling, and   The value of use versus reformulation disposal.
Product marketing and sales comply with   Any potential compliance issues 63 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX QUALIT Y M A N AG EMENT We make our products and services as if they were for our own families.
That s why we continuously improve our systems and processes to help ensure we deliver only the highest quality products and services.
IN THIS SECTION 65 OUR COMMITMENT TO QUALITY 66 QUALITY EMBEDDED THROUGHOUT OUR BUSINESS Laboratory Technician Mary McGardle analyzing a test sample, helping ensure the quality of products produced at our nutrition manufacturing facility in Cootehill, Ireland.
64 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOU@T AbAbCoCtEtS -S EANxpDa AnFdF OwRitDhA lBaInLIgTuYage DfAroTAm AnWnOuRaKl FROeRpCoErt ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX to contextualize Abbott various business etc.
OUR COMMITMENT one facility.
The recall responded to reports of We also worked with the USDA and state Special Cronobacter sakazakii or Salmonella Newport in Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, TO QUALITY infants who had consumed powder infant formula Infants, and Children (WIC) agencies in states from this facility.
After thorough investigation by where we were the contracted manufacturer so Abbott and others conducted over the course of the program participants could continue to obtain last year, there is no conclusive evidence linking formula, free of charge, whether Similac or formula Every day, people around the world rely on Abbott s formulas to these infant illnesses.
from another manufacturer when Similac was Abbott to provide life-changing products not available.
We ran other facilities at increased and services.
Delivering high-quality, safe, As we worked through this situation, Abbott capacity to help replenish the supply in the market.
and effective products and technologies is worked tirelessly to help get formula into fundamental to our business.
caregivers  hands, boosting production in our Abbott worked with the Patient Advocate global network where we could to increase infant Foundation to establish a Pediatric Amino Acid ESTABLISHING A CULTURE OF QUALITY formula supply to the U.S., and shipping tens of Formula Emergency Assistance Fund for patients millions of pounds from our facilities in Europe.
on amino acid-based formulas who required Maintaining quality requires a company-wide We prioritized infant formula production at hospitalizations or emergency room visits as a commitment.
That s why we work to embed it our Columbus, Ohio, facility, switching from result of the amino acid-based formula shortage.
across our company.
We have robust quality manufacturing adult nutrition products to Similac The fund helped them with medical and living processes in place for all of our products and and Alimentum liquid ready-to-feed formulas.
expenses incurred.
services, and we are committed to continually assessing and improving those processes as information, technologies, and practices evolve.
We also work with our suppliers to promote the OUR PLEDGE TO CUSTOMERS same commitment to quality and safety through At Abbott, we all put the people we serve qualification programs, audits, and other tools.
at the center of everything we do.
We make our products and services as if they were for We maintain over 20 quality focused working our own families.
We live Abbott s purpose groups led by our global subject matter experts, of creating a healthier world where everyone who delve into emerging issues and learnings from can have better, fuller lives.
We know that every one of us plays a vital role in bringing events to improve practices and processes.
our life-changing solutions around the globe to the people who need them.
Issues Responsiveness We are dedicated to create the life-changing products and technologies of the future and are vigilant they are of the highest quality.
In 2022, Abbott initiated a voluntary recall Employees signing Abbott s of powder infant formulas manufactured in Customer Pledge during an event focused on our culture of quality and customer centricity.
65 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX QUALITY EMBEDDED CRITICAL ELEMENTS Detailed research THROUGHOUT OUR and clinical trials OF OUR QUALITY BUSINESS MANAGEMENT SYSTEM Global and business- Quality and safety are paramount for S extr pi ec ct ts au tp iop nli ser G OVERNAN C E specific quality Abbott; we embed quality and safety at management systems the highest levels of our entire business.
EMBEDDED QUALITY SYSTEM G External and T R A TIN Up-to-date policy, A MULTIFACETED QUALITY SYSTEM internal audits N SPARENT R E P O R processes, and and assessments procedures Abbott s Quality Management System (QMS) model and metrics are continuously reviewed to track site, business, and company-level performance.
We capture and apply key learnings and best practices, including those from external Quality assurance, intelligence, and industry-specific issues are training, and certification examined and escalated as appropriate.
We analyze root causes for performance indicators and take appropriate corrective actions.
In targeted use Our quality system is based on established The Senior Vice President, Quality Assurance, cases, machine learning enhances potential risk regulations and industry standards that govern the Regulatory and Engineering Services oversees predictions.
To enhance data analysis and decision- quality framework for Abbott businesses.
We have quality globally, reporting to our Chairman and making, the Abbott Quality and Regulatory (AQR) policies, processes, and procedures that encompass CEO.
Executive management review of the quality advanced analytics team is increasingly harnessing the total product life cycle, including the design system takes place quarterly to reinforce alignment machine learning and artificial intelligence to of cybersecurity controls, to help ensure quality with Abbott s quality policy and objectives, as well modernize processes.
design at every stage.
as relevant regulations.
Quality and Operation heads also review quality and compliance metrics, We conduct compliance auditing at the site, division, Quality Governance including improvement plans on a quarterly basis.
and corporate levels.
Each operating business Our operations cross several jurisdictions, with Business-specific quality and regulatory leaders maintains a QMS and performs audits in line with 88 manufacturing sites and oversight from over are responsible for business-specific quality governing regulations.
Surveillance results feed into 120 quality and regulatory agencies.
Our quality systems, updating each president on progress.
The continuous improvement initiatives.
framework drives regulatory compliance wherever Board s Public Policy Committee reviews quality we operate.
metrics, industry progress, and emerging issues.
66 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX Engaging Our Supply Chain The One Abbott QA initiative establishes common Independent Quality Certification and Standards A comprehensive, risk-based program helps management procedures for: Manufacturing operations hold Good ensure suppliers impacting our regulated products Manufacturing Practices (GMP) certification,   Operational excellence and/or QMS conform to quality requirements.
including International Organization for   Customer satisfaction Suppliers are required to have a documented QMS Standardization (ISO) ISO 13485 and ISO 9001   Supply chain assurance appropriate for the products and services they certification for quality management.
One hundred   Organization and professional development provide to Abbott.
percent of Abbott s finished device manufacturing It also aligns systems for managing suppliers, sites have been certified under ISO 13485.
Of our We monitor suppliers against performance criteria.
documentation, warehouse controls, distribution international nutrition manufacturing sites, 83% They are classified according to potential impact controls, nonconformance, and corrective and are ISO 9001 certified and 100% are ISO 22000 risk level; this informs evaluation frequency, from preventive action (CAPA).
certified.
Abbott s Quality Manual and QMS every two (high risk) to four (low risk) years.
Learn encompass the requirements of the ISO standards how we categorize suppliers for sustainability risks Assuring Quality Through Training and Certification and are implemented at all manufacturing sites.
on page 73.
New employees are trained on QMS elements, Our nutrition manufacturing maintains Food and with an annual QMS refresher course delivered Safety standards certification as well.
Audits and evaluations aim to confirm suppliers to existing and part-time personnel.
In addition, can deliver to our requirements, maintain business-level Good Manufacturing Training Across Abbott, our sites conform to various adequate QMS elements, and conform to relevant offerings and corporate-level quality courses standards,27 including: regulations and standards.
Abbott chooses support employees with product quality   ISO 9001:2015, ISO 13485:2016, ISO 14001:2015, suppliers with quality management systems and responsibilities.
Each business also offers tailored ISO/IEC 17025:2017, and ISO 22000:2018 training processes that meet requirements.
On- division- and site-specific trainings.
NSF (National Sanitation Foundation) site audits and additional agreements for high- International risk suppliers verify operational capabilities and In 2022, we introduced new trainings on material   GMP+ FSA (Good Manufacturing Practices QMS requirements.
Complementing our QMS, controls and cybersecurity for all Quality Plus and Food Safety Assurance) Abbott s quality assurance (QA) groups require personnel and created a curriculum to enhance   HACCP (Hazard Analysis and Critical that suppliers maintain training and competency critical thinking and technical writing skills.
Control Points) programs and records.
We continuously monitor industry hot topics,   AAMI (Association for the Advancement recalls, and audit findings to understand where of Medical Instrumentation) Assuring Commercial Quality we can augment our training offerings.
ASTM International Commercial quality assurance groups help ensure   ISPE (International Society for supply chain processes maintain product quality Also in 2022, we increased funding for pursuit Pharmaceutical Engineering) and compliance.
of American Society for Quality (ASQ) and Regulatory Affairs Professionals Society (RAPS) qualifications, resulting in 31 additional employees receiving various quality and regulatory certifications through the ASQ and RAPS.
Abbott now has over 1,000 certified employees.
67 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX OUR PERFORMANCE QUALITY INSPECTIONS AND AUDITS Delivering quality and safe products is an ongoing 2021 2022 process, and one we strive to improve year over year.
Quality/regulatory inspections by global health authorities 559 560 Product Quality Indicators % resulting in zero observations 80% 77% Regulatory agencies around the world FDA site inspections 12 22 regularly assess our quality performance % resulting in zero observations 92% 68% across our locations.
Average number of observations per inspection 0.42 0.64 Internal independent corporate-level audits to help ensure compliance with Abbott quality standards 145 158 TOTAL FDA WARNING LETTERS ISSUED Reducing Human Error Quality Plant of the Year 2021 2022 Abbott focuses intently on reducing instances We believe in recognizing and showcasing best-in- 0 1 of human error in our operations.
Beginning class work and so, every year, we name a  Quality in 2020, five of our diagnostics sites designed a Plant of the Year.
We invite employees to submit human reliability program to reduce human error nominations, detailing quality performance, 2022 FDA CLASS I AND CLASS II RECALLS instances.
Targeting manufacturing sites28 and to our panel of judges, which comprises senior Business Class I Class II distribution centers, as well as labeling, R&D, leaders from a variety of functions.
To determine Med Device 1 10 and third-party manufacturing operations, the the winning plants, semi-finalists are invited to Diagnostics 0 16 program focuses on three actions: present to a panel.
Senior leadership from Quality Pharmaceutical* N/A N/A   Standardizing human error investigations Assurance, Regulatory, Engineering, and Abbott s Nutrition 1 4 and initiatives Senior Vice President visit the winners to present *Abbott does not distribute pharmaceutical products in the U.S.   Standardizing and improving guidance the awards on-site.
for human error CAPA investigations On May 16, 2022, Abbott entered into a consent   Prioritizing improvements to high-risk decree with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration human error processes (FDA) related to its Sturgis, Michigan, infant formula plant.
Between 2020 and 2022, the program delivered a reduction in human error nonconformance rate (vs.
2018 2019).
Additionally, recalls due to human error have decreased by 87% since 2019 in our core diagnostics business.
68 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX CREATE A RESILIENT, DIVERSE, AND RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN As a key element of our business, Abbott proactively manages our supply chain to amplify our positive impact on the world.
To reduce shared sustainability impacts, we work to nurture a global supplier network that is strong, responsible, and resilient.
IN THIS SECTION 70 SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT 75 STRENGTHENING THE SUPPLY CHAIN Diversified Synergies (DSL) leaders talk near their Detroit, Michigan, facility.
DSL is a custom-engineering, co-packing and co-manufacturing solutions firm.
Abbott works with the company as part of its commitment to advance diverse supplier development.
69 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX SUPPLY CHAIN OUR GOVERNANCE APPROACH OUR 2022 PROGRESS With a global footprint, we have an opportunity MANAGEMENT to leverage our supply chain for positive social and environmental change.
We maintain a 88% multi-layered governance structure that provides Nurturing a responsible supply chain oversight of supply chain-related activities, helping spend increase from the 2020 baseline with diverse and small businesses29 relies on a management approach that minimize risks and maximize opportunities to address shared impacts.
emphasizes sustainability and resilience.
130% We continue to evolve how we manage Our management approach places particular spend increase from the 2020 baseline with supplier relationships to minimize our importance on supply chain sustainability and black and women-owned businesses29 shared sustainability impacts.
resilience.
Each Abbott business is responsible for its respective supply chain, with enterprise 3,900+ SUPPLIERS efforts coordinated through our Global Operations A MULTIFACETED SUPPLY CHAIN Council (GOC).
The GOC collaborates across the engaged on sustainability risks and opportunities enterprise to set the framework for our supply Our global supplier network enables us to deliver chain, encompassing procurement, manufacturing, life-changing products to millions of people and logistics to improve supply chain adaptability, around the world.
For our work with suppliers to lower their environmental resilience, and flexibility.
impacts, please see the Environment section.
A TARGETED STRATEGY Our supply chain and procurement strategy embeds sustainability considerations into supplier Approximately Across In 2022, we spent selection and management processes.
It is 89,000 163 countries approximately overseen by Global Procurement   a group suppliers $23B with spanning geographies, organizations, and these suppliers businesses.
Our strategy is designed to ensure the products we make   and what others make for us   are sourced and produced ethically while attempting to mitigate negative sustainability impacts.
70 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX DESIGNING FOR SUPPLY CHAIN Our Guidelines focus on the following priorities:   Supplier Diversity Guidelines: Commits Abbott RESILIENCE   Management systems to equal opportunities for small businesses Decisions made early in product development   Human rights and labor and those owned or operated by members of impact later stages.
To safeguard our ability to   Health and safety underrepresented groups.
manufacture and supply products after launch,   Ethics   Water Policy: Sets supplier requirements on we ve enhanced collaboration between our R&D   Environmental management and compliance transparency for water management practices.
and Supply Chain teams to reduce dependence on   Supply chain management   Climate Responsible Energy Policy: Encourages suppliers to reduce emissions and individual suppliers or bespoke manufacturing Through the Guidelines, we detail our improve energy efficiency.
processes.
In addition, we are updating design expectations that suppliers conduct business in   Animal Welfare Policy: Guides work with processes to place a greater focus on product and compliance with relevant legal requirements animal-related suppliers and contract material life cycle management.
and industry codes.
When asked, suppliers are laboratories, including expectations that Through our Design for Supply initiative, expected to demonstrate compliance at the animal use in any testing or process should we re developing Design Principles, tools, and request and to the satisfaction of Abbott through occur only after alternatives have been fully supplier engagement models that address our our Supplier Responsibility program.
We expect explored and rejected.
needs throughout the product development life suppliers to fully support the Guidelines, driving   Position Statement on Conflict Minerals: cycle   from design to scaled production.
This sustainability principles into their own supply Details process for understanding conflict allows Abbott to be more resilient in dynamic chains, systems, and employee practices.
Our Tier mineral sourcing and use, including market conditions.
1 suppliers are expected to cascade the values identification of in-scope products and suppliers, represented in our Supplier Guidelines into their supplier engagement, and requirements to GUIDING RESPONSIBLE SUPPLIERS own supply chains and drive responsible sourcing disclose the presence and source of conflict practices to Abbott s Tier 2 suppliers and beyond.
minerals in their supply chains.
We are committed to upholding the fundamental principles of environmental protection and human Additional policies and guidelines also support rights and labor to drive long-term business supply chain sustainability: success for Abbott and our suppliers, and to   Green Procurement Guidelines: Help the improve lives around the world.
Procurement team identify environmentally Our Supplier Guidelines establish expectations preferable goods and services and request for suppliers we work with, aligning with them from suppliers.
internationally recognized and industry-accepted   Global Environmental, Health, and Safety guidelines, such as the Pharmaceutical Supply (EHS) Policy: Guides strategic stakeholder, Chain Initiative (PSCI) Principles for Responsible supplier, and contractor engagement to help Supply Chain Management.
ensure compliance with EHS regulations and applicable Abbott standards.
71 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX SUPPLIER-SUSTAINABILITY-RISK Safeguarding Business Continuity DUE DILIGENCE PROGRAM Our Supply Chain Resilience program helps further safeguard our business and supply chain Our Supplier-Sustainability-Risk Due Diligence against unforeseen events; developing people, Program enables global supply chain assessment processes, and tools for engaging suppliers on and engagement on key sustainability topics.
identified topics.
We have updated this program to help standardize how we monitor and measure Controls and Implementation events across the supply chain.
Nineteen risk To uphold the values represented in our Supplier metrics and 13 resilience indicators guide how Guidelines and other applicable policies, we have we assess topics at different supply, product, or established controls and relevant training to business points.
support our due diligence activities.
Choosing the Right Suppliers Sustainability Contract Language When selecting suppliers, we consider We embed social responsibility clauses in environmental, social, and governance (ESG) applicable procurement contracts detailing our factors alongside business capabilities and capacities, values and expectation that vendors comply financial health, and alignment with Abbott s with our Supplier Guidelines and remediate vision.
Classification models assess risk and shared identified issues.
sustainability impacts of potential relationships.
Supplier and Procurement Professional Training Our Approved Suppliers List categorizes suppliers Our suppliers are expected to know, understand, as high (critical), medium, or low risk, with critical and comply with Abbott s values.
Abbott s partners identified as: Procurement professionals are required to complete training on the Supplier Guidelines, our   Supplying materials, components, or services supply chain sustainability due diligence efforts, that influence the safety or performance of and initiatives to improve the sustainability our products of our supply chain.
Likewise, suppliers are   Our only approved source of materials, responsible for training their employees to meet the components, or services expectations detailed in the Guidelines.
In 2022, we   Integral to our business continuity developed more comprehensive, computer-based training to educate procurement professionals and Suppliers are also evaluated on supply chain improve awareness of these requirements.
transparency and complexity, alignment with certification schemes, proximity to our customers, Assessing and Monitoring Supplier Risks and their commitment to product security.
Our We maintain a supplier assessment process to process to verify alignment with quality standards Warehouse operator Szymon minimize reputational and continuity risks and is detailed on page 67.
Zgutka checks incoming ingredients monitor compliance with our Supplier Guidelines.
at Abbott s nutrition manufacturing facility in Cootehill, Ireland.
72 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX Risk-Based Monitoring and Evaluation Product Traceability and Critical Materials MONITORING SUSTAINABILITY We have global policies and procedures Supply critical to Abbott is identified through RISK OF OUR SUPPLIERS for evaluating suppliers for potential sustainability our Supply Chain Resilience program via risk and issues in their operations, including those resilience screening of suppliers and components We complete due diligence of select direct and related to human rights and labor, health and that are traceable to Abbott s finished product.
indirect suppliers to address human rights and safety, environment, and management systems.
labor, environment, supply chain management, These policies guide Abbott s supply chain Abbott helps ensure product traceability by and other issues.
sustainability due diligence activities, including, leveraging tracking technologies and enterprise but not limited to, supplier selection and resource planning solutions for select materials.
management, compliance to Abbott s Supplier This way, we can help ensure compliance with Guidelines, and participation in sustainability regulatory, quality, and control requirements.
Screening sustainability risk of critical and certain noncritical suppliers due diligence and remediation activities.
Engaging Suppliers in Sustainability Risk Assessment We take a risk-based approach to supplier We engage with our suppliers of potentially high Assessing our potentially high- screening, assessment, and monitoring, sustainability risk to explore compliance with our sustainability-risk suppliers considering supplier size, industry, sourcing Supplier Guidelines.
location(s), ESG performance, and Abbott spend.
Auditing a Desktop assessments, conducted by a third We maintain a supplier assessment process to selection of party, are tailored to the nature of the supplier s supplier sites minimize reputational and business continuity operations, location, and size.
Assessments cover risks.
This is particularly relevant to critical the topics of labor and human rights, environment, suppliers, but we also assess noncritical suppliers and sustainable procurement.
On-site audits flagged for potential sustainability risk.
are conducted by an external auditor using a Workplace Conditions Assessment or other globally Sustainability Risk Screening During 2022, we took several steps to enhance recognized sustainability audit standards to assess this process.
This included adopting additional social and labor conditions, and health and safety, third-party supply chain sustainability risk- environment, and business practices at the site.
mapping technology to assess and provide a more detailed understanding of our direct suppliers  sustainability risks.
Prevention, Monitoring, These tools assign sustainability risk intensity & Mitigation factors based on a supplier s industry and region through referencing a variety of public and nonprofit sustainability, geopolitical, security, and infrastructure indices and sources.
73 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX Prevention, Monitoring, and Mitigation In 2022, Abbott completed inherent sustainability Where issues are identified, suppliers are expected risk screening of strategic suppliers utilizing OUR 2022 SUPPLIER to submit corrective and preventive action (CAPA) a third-party supply chain sustainability risk SUSTAINABILITY plans within 30 60 days of receiving audit screening technology to assign sustainability risk SURVEY RESULTS results.
Abbott s supplier relationship manager intensity factors based on a supplier s industry and and subject matter experts monitor CAPA region.
Through this exercise we screened 88% of implementation and determine if a reaudit or spend affiliated with raw materials, components, 235 suppliers participated in Abbott s 2022 other action   up to supplier disqualification   and services that are directly traceable to Abbott s Sustainability Assessment.
Percentages is required.
In addition, we encourage suppliers final finished products.
Results of this preliminary reported based on suppliers to whom the and other third parties to use our Speak Up tool screening drive prioritization and supplier issue is applicable.
to report concerns (see page 85).
engagements in 2023.
Given the geographic extent, breadth, and complexity of our supply   31% of water-stressed suppliers assessed Where applicable, we maintain strategic category- chain, risks may change over time.
have quantitative objectives set on water and/or region-specific supplier assessment and   82% of key suppliers assessed have audit programs where sustainability risks have In 2022, we continued partnering with suppliers actions on energy consumption and been identified (see page 72).
Insights collected from key sourcing categories, engaging over 3,900 greenhouse gases (GHGs) support better supplier engagement and inform suppliers on sustainability risks and opportunities   54% suppliers with ISO 14001 sustainability initiative development at the and influencing over 49% of our supply chain certifications at at least one supplier, sourcing, and/or business levels.
spend.
These activities addressed 260 potential operational site high-sustainability-risk suppliers through desktop Depending on the supplier audit program, supplier assessments and 74 high-sustainability-risk industry, and assessment results, audit frequency suppliers through sustainability audits.
can range from one to five years.
Through our 2022 audit programs, we engaged OUR 2022 PERFORMANCE with seven suppliers to implement corrective Improvements in our supplier sustainability actions to address employee health and safety, assessment process helped drive progress toward environment, and supply chain management issues.
our responsible supply chain goals.
It enabled us to focus additional resources on supplier assurance and strengthen internal and external collaboration with key stakeholders.
74 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX STRENGTHENING Through these partnerships, we engage across OUR 2022 PERFORMANCE our supply chain to address shared risks and Throughout 2022, we continued partnering with THE SUPPLY CHAIN opportunities, including but not limited to: suppliers from key sourcing categories to address shared sustainability impacts.
Education and mentoring to improve sustainability awareness and management We partner with strategic suppliers to Building a More Resilient Supply Chain performance Abbott operates against a changing geopolitical address shared sustainability impacts,   Connecting to explore business continuity and environmental backdrop.
We continually prioritizing responsible sourcing, supplier solutions and opportunities to source, design, monitor issues that could impact our operations diversity, and continuity of supply.
produce, and distribute products in ways and those of our suppliers, including political that respect the environment, society, and instability, acute and chronic weather events, labor human health shortages, and inadequate capacity investments.
PARTNERING ACROSS THE SUPPLY   Solutions to reduce shared sustainability impacts CHAIN WITH EXTERNAL STAKEHOLDERS across Abbott and with our suppliers To accelerate recovery following disruptions, we must have an in-depth understanding of our We connect with global sustainability leaders STRATEGIC SUPPLY CHAIN INITIATIVES extended supply network.
We have expanded to drive continuous supply chain improvements through industry and membership organizations, Our supply chain initiatives prioritize topics such mapping efforts to include sub-tier supplier data   such as the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain as the environment and human rights and labor, covering who they are, what they supply, and Initiative (PSCI), the National Minority Supplier and drive collective action in two ways: where from   bringing greater visibility to our supply chain.
Our businesses are moving diligently Development Council (NMSDC), Diverse   Issue-specific initiatives: Cover the whole in developing multi-year plans for mapping sub- Manufacturing Supply Chain Alliance (DMSCA), supply chain and address targeted topics, such tier suppliers for most portfolio products.
and many others.
as supplier diversity and emissions, water, and inbound materials management.
Sourcing category-, business-, and region- specific initiatives: Cover multiple risks and opportunities in high-sustainability-risk areas.
Details of our 2022 strategic initiative performance are available on pages 76 78.
75 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX Commitment to Diversity ANNUAL SPEND OF SMALL AND DIVERSE Supplier diversity is a vital component of our SUPPLIERS29 SUPPLIER DIVERSITY 2030 Sustainability Plan.
Our Supplier Diversity Dollars spend (billions) PROGRAM Program creates opportunities for diverse, 2022 $4.41 RECOGNITION historically underrepresented suppliers.
In 2022, we expanded the diverse classifications to include 2021 $3.22 Disadvantaged Business Enterprises to better 2020 $2.34 Our Supplier Diversity Program has been engage Small Disadvantaged Businesses who, recognized by several organizations in 2022: through their work with Abbott, have grown out We are committed to partnering with of the Small Business Administration s (SBA) organizations globally to advance diverse DiversityInc criteria of a Small Disadvantaged Business.
supplier development.
For example, in the U.S., We also launched a certification campaign to #1 Top Companies for Supplier Diversity we have established an initiative with the Local validate the diversity status of critical minority-, Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) to promote women-, LGBTQ+-, veteran-, and disability-owned robust diverse healthcare supply chains.
More The Forefront 50 suppliers.
Through an ongoing Tier 2 program, we information can be found on page 20.
Top Corporations for Minority Businesses engaged with prime suppliers to increase spend by National Minority Supplier with diverse subcontractors, thereby expanding In 2022, Abbott sponsored a minority-owned Development Council Abbott s impact.
business to attend the Advanced Management Education Program (AMEP) offered by the Kellogg Goals for diverse supplier spend are incorporated  Best of Best  Program By: Advanced Management Executive Program.
into all Abbott divisions and sourcing category   Black EOE Journal performance within our procurement organization.
Hispanic Network Magazine An economic impact analysis conducted in 2023   Professional Woman s Magazine on 2022 data indicated that, through our efforts, $663M $936M   U.S. Veterans Magazine we have supported over 7,500 jobs and generated spent with minority- spent with women- over $4.5 billion in economic impact in the diverse owned suppliers in 2022 owned suppliers in 2022 communities where we operate.
$187M $2,358M spent with veteran- spent with small owned suppliers in 2022 businesses in 2022 For full diverse spend classifications 2020  2022, please see Appendix section page 96.
76 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX Supply Chain Water Risks Animal Welfare in Dairy Supply Chain Emissions Management20 By 2030, we aim to work with 50 key suppliers in We are committed to improving conditions for Scope 3 emissions account for more than 90% high water-stressed areas to reduce shared business animals in our dairy supply chain by supporting of Abbott s carbon footprint.
A cross-functional continuity and water quality and quantity risks.
To the World Organisation for Animal Health s team   including corporate and divisional EHS, be successful, we anticipate that these deep-dive Five Freedoms of Animal Welfare.
In 2022, Procurement, and Supply Chain functions   engagements will be long term, lasting from one to 99% of the milk we procured (by spend) was identifies our most carbon-intensive suppliers five years depending on initiative taken.
In 2021, certified to animal welfare standards.
and sourcing categories with the greatest we completed a supply chain assessment to identify emission reduction opportunities.
and prioritize supplier engagements for the coming Chemicals of Environmental Concern years.
This process identified 52 suppliers operating Across our businesses, Abbott works with strategic As part of our 2030 strategy, Abbott committed in water-intensive or -impactful industries, and suppliers to manage risks from chemicals of to engage our key carbon-intensive suppliers to that source to Abbott from water-stressed locations concern.
For example, Abbott s branded generic implement sustainable programs to reduce our in 2022.
Of the identified suppliers, 29 suppliers medicines business assesses suppliers in at- Scope 3 emissions.
In 2022, the SBTi approved operating in water-intense industries and sourcing risk regions31 that handle and/or manufacture Abbott s Scope 3 target, in which we commit that to Abbott from water-stressed areas were assessed chemicals of environmental concern and active 82% of our suppliers by emissions covering to determine water-management maturity and pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs).
purchased goods and services and upstream water-risk engagement.
Building on this work, transportation and distribution will have SBTi- we piloted the first five supplier engagements to This program evaluates applicable suppliers based approved targets by 2026.
on supply chain criticality and environmental, understand their water-risk mitigation efforts health, and safety risk.
Depending on the level As of 2022 year end, approximately 30% of our and identify opportunities to collaborate and of risk assigned, suppliers are evaluated via suppliers by emissions covering purchased goods reduce our shared risks.
a questionnaire and/or an on-site visit.
On- and services and upstream transportation and site audits32 may be triggered if a supplier is distribution have SBTi approved science-based Agriculture and Deforestation Our Food and Safety Council (including determined high risk from a questionnaire review, targets, with about an additional 14% committing representatives from Supply Chain, Regulatory, if it s had a significant incident, received notice through the SBTi to adopt science-based targets.
and R&D) meets quarterly to address agriculture of violation or negative media reporting, or is supply chain concerns.
This includes due identified by one of our internal stakeholders.
diligence of our sourcing practices and those of In 2022, 17 self-assessments were completed by our agricultural suppliers to better understand suppliers and 37 on-site audits were completed by environmental, social, and deforestation risks, Abbott or third-party subject matter experts.
particularly for soy- and palm-derived products.
30 In 2022, 0.3% of total spend was with these Following on-site assessment, suppliers are ingredients, and 0.1% was from deforestation- assigned a risk status and follow-up actions are affiliated regions.
determined, including supplier CAPA execution, continuation of business activities, back-up supplier identification, and/or supplier disqualification.
77 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX Renewable Energy Procurement Reuse and Responsible Waste Management TRANSPORTATION MODES (% OF GLOBAL SPEND) We continue to explore renewable energy sourcing We partner with key suppliers to reduce the options, increasingly purchasing electricity 2020 2021 2022 environmental impacts of materials sent to Abbott from providers with above-average renewable that become waste in our operations and to Air 22% 26% 44% generation in their energy mix.
In 2022, we responsibly dispose of waste, including diverting Road 31% 25% 27% purchased 180 million kWh of low-carbon and as much as possible from landfill and incineration renewable energy, resulting in savings of about Parcel 22% 29% 19% without energy recovery.
Our technical standard 76,500 metric tons of CO2e.
These savings were Multimodal and Rail 12% 6% 3% for vendor evaluation and approval mandates complemented by the 2.6 million kWh generated ethical, responsible waste management approaches Ocean 13% 14% 7% from solar installations at 10 of our sites.
and aims to minimize associated risks.
For Total Global Spend in Scope 100% 100% 100% manufacturing sites producing over 1,200kg of Additionally, we have replaced about 34% of the U.K. hazardous waste annually, our Waste Vendor fleet with electric vehicles, with a plan to transition Packaging Assessment program requires waste vendor audits the remainder of the U.K. fleet in the coming years.
Our Sustainable Packaging Guiding Principles tailor at least every five years.
Read more about this transition on page 55.
how we design and develop innovative, sustainable solutions for our existing and new packaging.
Read We maintain an IT standard for evaluating and Transportation and Distribution more about our approach to balancing the need for approving vendors for electronic disposition, We aim to balance emissions savings with the product protection without negatively impacting the ensuring responsible recycling and, where viable, need for timely product delivery.
environment on page 62.
resale of used IT assets.
In 2022, we continued our partnership with two primary IT asset In 2022, Abbott moved freight 45 million miles Waste Diversion With Inbound Material Suppliers disposition vendors to recycle 283 U.S. metric across North America using multiple modes of Abbott s EHS, Procurement, and Supply Chain tons and resell an additional 71 U.S. metric tons transport.
This included over 200,000 miles and teams are committed to working with key suppliers of electronic equipment.
approximately 100 shipments through intermodal on waste diversion initiatives for both the waste transport, and nearly 45 million miles and over we generate in our operations and the inbound 67,000 truckloads sent by road.
materials that become waste.
Read more about our work with suppliers and waste programs on page 61.
78 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX G OVERN ANCE A ND BUSINESS E THIC S To help create the future of healthcare, we must continually build on the trust Abbott has earned over our 135-year history.
We aim to innovate accessible, affordable solutions that transform lives, and do so sustainably.
Robust governance helps ensure we have the leadership, policies, and structures in place to succeed.
IN THIS SECTION 80 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD OVERSIGHT 83 ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 84 COMPLIANCE 87 CORRUPTION AND ANTI-BRIBERY 88 PROTECTING OUR PEOPLE, PRODUCTS, AND BRANDS 89 PUBLIC POLICY ENGAGEMENT A Compliance Director and Data Protection Officer based in S o Paulo, Brazil, Juliana Ruggiero helps Abbott colleagues anticipate and detect compliance risks to help ensure responsible decision-making.
79 Our Board members are 42% 25% women racially/ethnically diverse GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX BOARD TENURE 0 4 years 7 directors 5 10 years 2 directors 11+ years 3 directors CORPORATE BOARD DIVERSITY AND COMPOSITION BOARD DIVERSITY When identifying nominees to serve as members GOVERNANCE AND of the Board of Directors, the Nominations and BOARD OVERSIGHT Governance Committee seeks to balance the 42% Board s diversity of relevant experience, areas of Women expertise, ethnicity, gender, and geography.
Abbott is committed to strong governance Our 12 directors comprise a well-balanced and 50% that is aligned with stakeholder interests.
highly qualified Board, with diverse backgrounds, overall skills, and experiences.
OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS Our Board members are Expertise Aligned With Abbott s Diversified 25%42% 25% Abbott s Board of Directors consists of our Operating Model and Long-Term Strategy: Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Raciallwyo/ men racially/ethnically diverse   Healthcare and medical device industry ethnically diverse (CEO), Robert B. Ford, and 11 other independent BOARD TENURE   Finance and accounting directors including a Lead Independent Director.
0 4 years 7 directors   Risk management, including data protection 5 10 years 2 directors 11+ years 3 directors and cybersecurity Throughout the year, the Board and its   Global supply chain, operations, and WELL-BALANCED TENURE committees review Abbott s corporate governance infrastructure management 3 structures, taking into account the results of the annual shareholders  meeting and other   Regulatory and compliance 11+ years   Consumer products shareholder feedback; the results of annual Board,   Leadership expertise in multinational committee, and director assessments; regulatory 7 corporations, diverse business models, developments; and evolving trends in the areas government, and the military 0 4 years of corporate governance, compensation, and 2 sustainability.
5 10 years For more information about the Board and its committees, including details of Board members and committee functions, visit The Board of Directors and Its Committees section in our 2023 Proxy Statement.
80 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX BOARD OVERSIGHT AREAS OF FOCUS OF THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES The Board has risk oversight responsibility for BOARD OF DIRECTORS Abbott, which it administers directly and with   Business strategy   Management development   Human capital and diversity,   Litigation assistance from its committees.
Throughout and operations and succession planning equity, and inclusion the year, the Board and its committees engage with management to discuss a wide range of AUDIT COMMITTEE COMPENSATION NOMINATIONS PUBLIC POLICY enterprise risks.
COMMITTEE AND GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE   Accounting, internal COMMITTEE controls, and financial   Executive officer   Sustainability, environment, RISK ASSESSMENT reporting compensation,   Board composition, and social responsibility Our enterprise risk management (ERM) process   Enterprise cybersecurity including incentive refreshment, and   Regulatory compliance   Information security and compensation plans succession planning and global ethics and evaluates likelihood, impact, and velocity of risks data protection   Equity-based plans   Board governance structure compliance programs that potentially impact business performance.
At   Major financial and   Director compensation   Governance guidelines   Product quality, Abbott, we have four reportable business segments business risk exposures and practices cybersecurity, and data privacy with 13 global businesses, each with unique markets, competitors, and risk.
In order to maintain the flexibility required to appropriately manage the unique risks within each business, risk management The top enterprise risks are prioritized and used to These assessments include elements such as is a core job responsibility for our Executive inform strategic action plans.
The Board exercises the affiliate business footprint, the external Leadership, who identifies, owns, and manages the risk oversight by focusing on areas of high priority environment (including local regulations risks embedded within their respective businesses.
identified, including business strategy, human and enforcement as well as the Corruption This drives a culture that aligns ownership with capital, cybersecurity and data protection, and Perception Index rating for the country), the business strategy.
Abbott s sustainability, environmental, and social controls associated with business activities, and responsibility practices.
prior internal monitoring, investigations, or Our ERM Network team   16 functional experts audit findings.
The results of these assessments led by Abbott s Vice President, Internal Audit   Our Office of Ethics and Compliance (OEC) help inform OEC activities, including training, integrates ERM throughout Abbott by working has embedded risk assessment into Abbott s monitoring, and other actions.
with management to establish a risk management global compliance program.
It oversees periodic framework that identifies, assesses, and manages compliance risk assessments and monitors the We also maintain an Anti-Corruption Compliance key risk exposures.
The ERM Network facilitates external risk environment.
Factors assessed Enhancement (ACE) program that focuses on an annual risk survey that seeks feedback from by the OEC include evolving industry best in-person reviews of business activities in selected our global leaders on enterprise risk exposure that practices, government guidance, and enforcement countries in order to identify potential opportunities exceeds existing mitigation plans.
The results of the actions taken against other companies.
OEC risk for continuing enhancements to our program, and survey are presented to the Audit Committee.
assessments are completed at least annually include corruption risks in enterprise-wide risk for the countries in which we operate and for assessments conducted by our corporate internal the business activities in which we engage.
audit group.
81 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX EMERGING RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES We also analyze emerging situations that represent potential risks and opportunities for Abbott.
EMERGING RISKS ABBOTT S RESPONSE EMERGING RISKS ABBOTT S RESPONSE AND OPPORTUNITIES AND OPPORTUNITIES Increased Cost of Living The cost of living for patients and consumers has been steadily Disruptive Technologies In recent years, Abbott has embraced the latest digital and rising, as has the potential for reduced access to healthcare.
technology advancements, creating medical devices that are This presents a challenge.
We have to deliver innovative and smaller, faster, more precise, and more connected.
We see reliable technologies to improve health outcomes, but we have a future where even more devices are connecting patients to do so in a way that makes them accessible to the greatest and their doctors beyond the four walls of the clinic, putting possible number of the people timely, accurate, and secure data in patients  hands to help who need them.
them better engage with their providers and manage their care.
And while our leadership in this area offers us many One way we are responding to this is by rapidly expanding opportunities for growth, this trend also presents a challenge the use of direct-to-consumer devices, so that healthcare as we face competition from technology players who are can now be provided closer to home and is not bound to a currently making strides into the healthcare sector.
physical healthcare institution.
We are harnessing the power of technology to digitize, decentralize, and democratize We view the proliferation of advanced technologies, such as healthcare, which ultimately places more control of individual artificial intelligence, as an accelerator to our innovation and health into individuals  hands.
as an opportunity to develop products that meet the needs of more people in more places than ever.
In addition to improving access, our 2030 Sustainability Plan focuses on designing our technologies and products In addition to bringing the power of connectivity to our wireless for broader access and affordability at every step   from implants, wearable sensors, and diagnostic tests, we are also every phase of our R&D process, to the materials we use, improving health outcomes through enhanced precision to manufacturing, to the ways we reach the people who and efficiency.
For several years, we ve been using artificial need them.
intelligence in predictive analytics and maintenance of our diagnostic instruments, and monitoring of our manufacturing equipment.
And our Ultreon software merges imaging technology with artificial intelligence to improve visualization of percutaneous coronary intervention procedures.
Advances in technology have also changed how we run our business.
We have operationalized automation to support several business functions, including in Talent, Quality, and Supply Chain management.
82 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX ETHICS AND program implementation.
Outside the U.S., Interacting With Healthcare Professionals regional OEC teams oversee the compliance We commit to interacting and communicating INTEGRITY program for all countries in which Abbott responsibly   and in compliance with local conducts business, including implementation regulations   with healthcare professionals, of regional- or country-specific compliance patients, and consumers about our products and requirements where necessary.
services.
Where required, we report payments Acting ethically and with integrity is and other transfers of value made to healthcare foundational to building trust   in Abbott, CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT TRAINING professionals to relevant organizations or oversight our solutions, and the care we aim to bodies.
Interactions are regularly monitored and Upholding the highest ethical standards is the deliver for people and the planet.
audited, as determined on a risk basis.
responsibility of everyone at Abbott.
Offered in 93 countries and available in 32 languages, Ethics and Compliance Week our online Legal and Ethical Resource Network GOVERNING ETHICAL PROCESSES Each year, Abbott holds an Ethics and Compliance (LERN) training educates employees on our Code Week to drive employee awareness on anti-bribery Abbott s Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer of Business Conduct.
The LERN program also and anti-corruption, as well as other business (CECO) is the corporate officer responsible for shares practical guidance on recognizing and conduct-related topics.
In 2022, over 63,000 leading our global ethics and compliance program responding to legal and ethical issues.
The LERN employees across the company interacted with a and managing our Office of Ethics and Compliance curriculum includes annual certifications on the Compliance Week kickoff email from our CECO (OEC).
The CECO provides regular briefings to code and conflicts of interest in addition to other highlighting our commitment to compliance.
In our Chairman and CEO, executive leaders, the training and education courses, with a key focus on addition, over 51,000 employees were reached Board of Directors, and Public Policy Committee.
interactions with healthcare professionals.
with compliance-related messages from their The CECO chairs Abbott s Business Conduct divisional leaders.
Other interactive regional and Committee (BCC)   a team of executive-level Employees are assigned LERN courses based on leaders and Abbott s Chairman and CEO.
The BCC their role and responsibilities.
33 Course topics local engagement activities, including training and knowledge checks, resulted in an estimated meets regularly to discuss potential risk areas include overviews of our Code of Business Conduct 17,000 engagements with employees.
Ethics and mitigation measures, to review compliance and Global Business Standards, fraud and anti- and Compliance Week activities also included program performance and metrics, including corruption, marketing and promotion, data opportunities to nominate local ethics and plans for improvements, and to evaluate legal and privacy and security, handling adverse events, and compliance champions.
regulatory changes and best practices.
understanding trade sanctions among others.
The 2022 LERN curriculum included four new/fully In addition, dedicated business- and affiliate- revised courses, incorporating interactive features, level committees monitor compliance, provide and knowledge checks interspersed through the employee training and engagement, and meet content.
In 2022, over 99.7% of active employees Ethics training is offered in 93 to discuss emerging issues.
OEC staff members completed the annually assigned Code of Business countries and in 32 languages.
support each business and corporate function to Conduct training course and certification.
help ensure appropriate ethics and compliance 83 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX COMPLIANCE Our Code of Business Conduct contains a section GLOBAL ETHICS AND dedicated to promoting and selling our products COMPLIANCE PROGRAM with honesty and integrity.
We expect product materials and communications will be balanced Upholding ethical practices and ensuring and truthful, consistent with the approved label 1 we comply with relevant regulations is in the countries we operate, and consistent with Clear leadership and accountability how Abbott demonstrates its commitment scientific evidence.
We require compliance with to responsible business practices.
each country s laws and regulations that govern how, where, and when we are permitted to promote medical devices, diagnostics, nutritional 2 SEVEN STEPS TO COMPLIANCE products, and medicines.
Our code also explains Written standards of conduct that we may not promote or pre-sell a product Our global ethics and compliance program   which that has not yet been approved or cleared by is regularly reviewed by an external party   reflects the relevant regulatory body, and any requested 3 the fundamental elements of an effective corporate information beyond the scope of approved product compliance program as detailed in the Office Processes for reporting concerns labeling must be directed to the appropriate of Inspector General guidance and U.S. Federal medical or scientific function for response.
Sentencing guidelines.
These principles are also carried through to our 4 Compliance leadership, training, and Ethics and Compliance Global Policy on Business Rigorous auditing and monitoring communication are detailed on page 83.
Standards, along with the expectation that all promotional materials are properly reviewed Our risk assessment process is outlined on page 73.
and approved in accordance with applicable laws 5 and company standards.
To further support this CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT Processes for investigations and compliance, we also maintain systems designed corrective actions Our Code of Business Conduct, available in 29 to ensure business-wide alignment between our languages, is foundational to ethical conduct at Global Infant Formula Marketing Policy and laws Abbott.
Every employee is required to read and in our countries of operation.
certify adherence to the code annually.
It and other 6 policies are designed to align with laws, regulations, Risk assessments to enhance compliance In 2022, we completed a revision of our Ethics and and industry guidelines issued by medical Compliance Global Policy on Business Standards, technology trade associations, including AdvaMed, which is applicable worldwide, to reflect APACMed, MedTech Europe, and Mecomed.
regulatory and industry changes.
This updated 7 policy will be rolled out in all countries in which Company-wide training and we do business in phases throughout 2023.
communications 84 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX REPORTING CONCERNS Auditing and Monitoring Yearly results are presented to both the Audit Our Sales & Marketing Compliance Audit function Committee and Public Policy Committee of the Our code emphasizes employees  responsibility for and OEC-led monitoring process assess compliance Board of Directors.
reporting noncompliance concerns, including those with our Ethics and Compliance Global Policy related to workplace discrimination or harassment; on Business Standards and local procedures.
OEC personnel supporting each Abbott we strive to ensure they feel safe doing so without Compliance Audit has the primary function to business unit and country perform an annual fear of retaliation.
This applies to whistleblowing, plan, direct, and manage sales and marketing risk assessment to identify areas of potential or anyone reporting violations in good faith, with compliance audits of global operations such as compliance risk.
Based on assessment outcomes, anti-retaliation principles and language included select third parties supporting Abbott s businesses, they then establish monitoring plans for the year, in our Global Compliance Policy on Reporting including those promoting our products to which includes selecting a risk-based sampling Concerns, Global Compliance Standards, and customers on our behalf.
Specifically, these of interactions with healthcare providers (HCPs) human resources policies, including Employee compliance audits cover the following: U.S. Federal (such as educational events, engagements with Problem Solving, Workplace Harassment, and Health Care Programs (when applicable), Abbott s HCPs for services, and provision of sample or Violence in the Workplace.
Abbott encourages policies, anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, evaluation product) and reviewing supporting employees and others to report instances of privacy laws, and local industry codes on ethical documentation to assess compliance with retaliation.
We investigate reports, identify business practices.
The audit scope is designed to Abbott s policies.
Live monitoring  programs remedial actions as appropriate, and appropriately assess the effectiveness of the compliance program may also be utilized, allowing OEC personnel to discipline employees as needed.
and includes transactional testing of compliance directly observe HCP interactions.
Monitoring activities related to Abbott s interactions with data is analyzed and trended over time to We have defined avenues and processes for asking customers and the responsible promotion and identify potential signals or patterns requiring questions and reporting suspected or actual marketing of our products.
Risk assessments are further evaluation.
OEC identifies corrective and violations of our code, policies, or procedures.
performed to determine the schedule and the preventive actions designed to address the root In addition to reporting to managers, the OEC, scope of the audits.
causes of monitoring findings.
or Legal, this includes our Speak Up tool, through which employees and external parties, Audit reports are distributed to local and corporate Issues detected through auditing and monitoring including suppliers, can confidentially and   management and include detailed findings and are analyzed, investigated if necessary, and where permitted   anonymously raise concerns remediation points, which are subsequently reported to management.
of potential misconduct.
Speak Up can be tracked for implementation to help ensure business accessed by telephone, email, or internet 24 hours leaders are held accountable for making necessary a day, seven days a week.
improvements to processes in a timely manner.
Our Employee Problem Solving policy supports information exchange and concern resolution.
It applies to all Abbott employees, except where local laws or collective bargaining agreements dictate otherwise.
85 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX Investigations We regularly report on investigations to our   Terrorism The Ethics and Compliance Officer (or delegated Board of Directors and senior management and   Money laundering vendor/personnel) adds every potential code communicate results to the appropriate OEC staff   Anti-competitive behavior violation report   including those related to and business leaders.
discrimination and harassment   to a database.
We also provide third parties with training These reports are categorized by issue type and THIRD-PARTY COMPLIANCE on these Third-Party Guidelines and on anti- investigated by the appropriate function so OEC corruption issues, using OEC training materials All third parties (for example, distributors, dealers, can determine if action is required.
Periodic audits designed to guide country-specific training, wholesalers, resellers, and marketing partners of this process help ensure investigations are particularly with suppliers that promote products promoting and selling Abbott products) with whom conducted as quickly and thoroughly as possible.
to HCPs on our behalf.
An e-learning platform Abbott works are expected to hold themselves to provides and tracks online training for third the same ethical and legal compliance standards as All reports of potential code violations   parties undergoing due diligence.
In October Abbott does; we detail our expectations in Third- including those related to discrimination 2022, we launched a multilingual training video Party Guidelines, available online in 18 languages.
and harassment   by employees and third that must be viewed by third parties before they In addition, our Third-Party Compliance Process parties who perform certain services on can successfully complete Abbott s due diligence is designed to address corruption and bribery our behalf are thoroughly investigated.
Any screening process.
The curriculum has been risks arising from third parties interacting with employee violating our Code of Business completed by all third parties that have undertaken government officials or healthcare providers on our Conduct, policies, or procedures is subject to the screening process since launch.
behalf outside the U.S.
Our process requires Abbott appropriate disciplinary action, which may businesses, subsidiaries, and affiliates outside the include termination.
Employees refusing to A Third-Party Compliance Process addresses U.S. to complete diligence before engaging third cooperate in investigations   or knowingly corruption and bribery risks arising from parties, including screening suppliers, identifying reporting false concerns, or ones intended to interactions with government officials or HCPs high-risk partners, and monitoring and mitigating threaten, intimidate, or retaliate   may also on our behalf outside the U.S.
It requires Abbott potential risks.
Potential partners must answer be subject to disciplinary action.
Disciplinary businesses, subsidiaries, and affiliates outside the detailed questionnaires, while an external vendor actions can range from coaching and retraining U.S. to complete due diligence before engaging engaged by Abbott performs due diligence to verbal or written warnings, financial third parties, including screening suppliers, background checks on risks, including: penalties, or termination.
Managers are made identifying high-risk partners, and monitoring aware of disciplinary actions associated with   Corruption and mitigating potential risks.
Fraud investigations and may take this into account   Organized crime Where risks are identified, appropriate remedial when conducting performance assessments.
Regulatory breaches action is taken, including additional contract terms, In addition, Abbott s recoupment policy allows   Human rights and labor abuses auditing, monitoring, training, or disqualification/ the company to seek recoupment of incentive   Social accountability rejection.
We routinely update the Third-Party compensation, and/or existing awards, or reduce   Arms trafficking and war crimes Compliance Process to continually protect against future awards if it determines that a senior   Violations of government-imposed sanctions bribery and corruption risks.
executive engaged in significant misconduct or failed in a supervisory capacity.
86 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX CORRUPTION AND PREVENTING ANTI-COMPETITIVE INTERNAL CONTROLS TO PREVENT PRACTICES BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION ANTI-BRIBERY We commit to complying with competition laws34 wherever we operate.
These laws apply to several Risk assessments: Identify business areas, including competitor relationships, potential risk areas and mitigation We interact with thousands of people prices and terms of sale, and marketing and measures designed to prevent improper behavior.
around the globe every day.
Safeguarding trade practices.
our business against activities that Employees are encouraged to contact our Legal Policies, procedures, and training: could be viewed as corruption or bribery team or OEC for guidance regarding competitor Guidelines, training and education to are fundamental to our development of interactions and to report inappropriate raise awareness of anti-bribery and protocols and policies that are designed conversations.
Reports can also be made anti-corruption.
to evolve and continuously improve.
through our Ethics and Compliance helpline.
Speak Up reporting platform: Raising Employee Awareness For employees and external On International Anti-Corruption Day, our Chief parties to raise potential PROTECTING OUR RIGHT TO OPERATE Ethics and Compliance Officer (CECO) sent a misconduct concerns.
As a publicly traded company, we are subject to company-wide email available in 22 languages external auditing of our books and records, with Investigations: For all reports to raise awareness of and highlight Abbott s results periodically reported to the Board s Audit of potential violations, together commitment to combat and prevent bribery and Committee.
We commit to aligning with the with appropriate remediation or corruption.
The communication included links to disciplinary actions when needed.
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the important compliance resources such as our Global U.K. Bribery Act, and all other applicable anti- Anti-Corruption Policy, LERN training system, OEC approval: Approval by OEC corruption and anti-bribery laws.
To protect our Abbott s Third-Party Due Diligence process, and may be required for activities or reputation and right to operate, we must ensure our Speak Up portal to raise concerns.
interactions that may potentially we never provide or accept anything of value to present bribery or corruption risk, gain an improper advantage or inappropriately such as the lawful distribution influence the use of our products.
Our Global of brand reminders or items of Anti-Corruption Policy, available in 29 languages, medical utility such as textbooks or anatomical models intended for the prohibits bribery and corruption in any form.
use in HCPs  treatment of patients.
Employees complete annual training on this and other related policies and procedures.
Independent Internal Audit team: Reports to the Audit Committee and verifies policy and procedure compliance.
87 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX PROTECTING OUR SAFEGUARDING INTELLECTUAL complying with World Customs Organization PROPERTY (WCO) supply chain security standards.
PEOPLE, PRODUCTS, Three processes help safeguard Abbott s Abbott collaborates with our network of AND BRANDS intellectual property and trade secrets: transportation carriers and logistics providers   Employee education on trade secret protection such as the Transported Asset Protection and risk-reduction strategies Association (TAPA) to meet industry security   A comprehensive security vulnerability and standards.
These partnerships help ensure our Ensuring the authenticity of Abbott mitigation program to proactively identify gaps products are delivered to our customers safely.
products is key to maintaining strong and implement as needed relationships.
We want to assure people   Abbott business- and industry-specific security that they ll receive the level of quality risk mitigation and compliance programs they have come to expect from authentic SECURING OUR SUPPLY CHAIN Abbott products.
ENFORCEMENT We are committed to eliminating criminal PROGRAM TACTICS: activities from our supply chain, including drug PROTECTING PRODUCT AUTHENTICITY trafficking, terrorism, human trafficking, forced/   Covert market surveys child labor, cyber threats, and illegal contraband.
Efforts to mitigate counterfeiting and illegal   Removing counterfeit products and sites We comply with all international customs laws, diversion risks are overseen by our Global   Halting unauthorized product sales carefully selecting partners to prevent unethical Security, Legal, Trademark, Regulatory, Public   Providing contract security language and practices and security threats.
Affairs, and Business Unit teams.
enforcing policies with authorized resellers   Identifying and removing illicit actors via Our efforts exceed U.S. Customs and Border In 2022, using advanced analytics, our Global paid searches Protection (CBP) enhanced Customs Trade Security team identified and removed over   Reporting fake social media accounts Partnership Against Terrorism (CTPAT) Minimum 500,000 illicit listings35 of Abbott products being   Eliminating illegitimate and cybersquatted sites Security Criteria.
We partner with CBP and an sold online, helping ensure the safety of the   Training of customs and other enforcement external vendor on a surveillance system that products our customers are purchasing online.
officials to recognize and interdict counterfeit mitigates theft, counterfeiting, and illegal diversion and illegally diverted Abbott products risks.
Additionally, we remain a Tier 3 CTPAT Business Unit and Business Support teams partner, enabling product movements in and out develop product identification playbooks of the U.S. with expedited processing and fewer (including authorized packaging, manufacturing customs exams.
In multiple countries outside locations, and typical shipping routes) to align of the U.S., Abbott has achieved recognition with external efforts to increase fraudulent as Authorized Economic Operators (AEO) by product identification as part of our preparedness and resilience efforts.
88 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX PUBLIC POLICY reviewing political participation, such as advocacy In 2022, Abbott reported approximately priorities, political contributions, lobbying $4.2 million in U.S. federal lobbying.
ENGAGEMENT activities, and trade association memberships.
Additionally, Abbott has ranked in the first tier POLITICAL ACTIVITY PARTICIPATION on the CPA-Zicklin Index for our election-related spending transparency and accountability.
The Abbott Employee Political Action Committee Public policy can positively impact societal Read more on the Corporate Political (AEPAC) contributes to U.S. federal state and local health.
Abbott engages in ongoing dialogue Participation page of our website.
candidates and political organizations.
We support with policymakers, trade associations, and those that we believe understand how government thought leaders to encourage policies that U.S. TRADE ORGANIZATIONS actions impact medical access, and those that will support access to our innovations.
promote continued medical progress.
We are a member of various U.S. trade organizations such as AdvaMed, Business All U.S. political activities are approved by Abbott s Roundtable, Consumer Brands Association, IMPACTING POLICY SOLUTIONS Government Affairs function, covering advocacy Medical Device Manufacturers Association, at federal, state, and local levels, and managing and other tax-exempt organizations, National To help ensure our policy engagement complies relationships with trade associations and similar Association of Manufacturers, and U.S. Chamber with our own standards as well as relevant laws, groups.
Our State Government Affairs function of Commerce that engage in lobbying and other we practice ethical behavior and transparency in provides further oversight of state-level advocacy, political activity to champion our needs, the needs activities as guided by our Code of Business Conduct.
while the U.S. Congress and federal government of our industries, and of the needs of people who All public policy activities comply with applicable fall under our Federal Government Affairs office.
rely on Abbott solutions.
Our participation in laws and regulations and adhere to Abbott policies.
these trade associations, and other tax-exempt Per the U.S. Lobbying Disclosure Act, Abbott is Our activities aim to shape policies that impact organizations, is assessed annually by the committed to the ongoing disclosure of political our company and benefit people who need our Government Affairs function.
contributions and lobbying expenditures, filing a products.
Abbott, relevant Abbott employees, and quarterly report, including: external lobbyists and firms register as lobbyists   Total federal lobbying expenditures and file lobbying and contribution disclosures as   Name of the specific legislation or subject required by applicable law.
that was the topic of communication The Board of Directors  Public Policy Committee   Any Abbott individuals who lobbied oversees our Government Affairs function and any on our behalf public policy issues that could impact our business,   Which legislative body or executive performance, or public image.
This includes branch was contacted 89 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX ENDNOTES 1 Total number of lives improved was adjusted for indirect overlap circumstances exist justifying the authorization of emergency use otherwise would have been waste off-site to be used as an effective between businesses using a binomial probability model, and only of in vitro diagnostics for detection and/or diagnosis of infection substitute for a commercial product or commodity.
Beneficial- adjusted for direct overlap within a business where data is currently with the mpox virus, including in vitro diagnostics that detect use material is used as is or in substantially the same form as it available to support the adjustment.
and/or diagnose infection with non-variola Orthopoxvirus, under was generated.
2 Common rounding convention utilized, see appendix for detailed data.
Section 564(b)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, 25 A bbott s diversion rate is calculated as follows: (Total Waste + 21 U.S.C.   360bbb-3(b)(1), unless the declaration is terminated 3 Data on file, Abbott Diabetes Care.
Beneficial Use - Landfilled and Incineration without Energy or authorization is revoked sooner.
4 Among patient-applied sensors.
Recovery)/Total Waste + Beneficial Use.
Waste with an Other, 15 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Facts About Heart Diverted fate is diverted from landfill and incineration without 5 FreeStyle Libre 3 User Manual.
Failure in the United States.
https://www.
cdc.gov/heartdisease/ energy recovery.
6 Notifications will only be received when alarms are turned on and heart_failure.
htm .
Accessed Oct.
30, 2022.
26 A Form SD is an Exchange Act Form used to satisfy special the sensor is within 33 feet unobstructed of the reading device.
You must enable the appropriate settings on your smartphone to 16 Hill, K. The demography of menopause.
Maturitas.
1996.
https:// disclosure requirements implemented under the Dodd-Frank receive alarms and alerts; see the FreeStyle Libre 3 User Manual for pubmed.
ncbi.
nlm.
nih.gov/8735350/.
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.
more information.
17 Eligibility for non-salary benefits follows local regulations and 27 This list represents a sample of the standards our sites maintain and 7 Based on a comparison of list prices of the FreeStyle Libre 3 practices.
In most countries, this means we offer benefits to full- that are frequently used as indicators of product quality.
system versus previous generations of FreeStyle Libre personal time employees and part-time employees working more than a 28 The program focuses on Abbott manufacturing sites in Dallas, CGM systems.
certain number of hours.
We typically provide benefit programs Texas; Lake County, Illinois; Longford, Ireland; Sligo, Ireland; and 8 HBCUs are accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering above and beyond government requirements.
Wiesbaden, Germany.
and Technology.
18 A nnual incident rates are calculated per 100 employees, assuming 29 Supplier diversity key performance indicators (KPIs) are calculated 9 This figure includes employee donations and Abbott Fund donation the average employee works 40 hours per week and 50 weeks per using the U.S. government fiscal year (October 1   September matches.
It also reflects payroll deduction pledges that are year.
This is equivalent to 200,000 hours worked.
30).
Spend data is for U.S. and Puerto Rico for 2022 reporting.
deducted during the 2023 calendar year and may be subject to 19 S cope 1 emissions result from owned and controlled sources.
2022 target for annual spend of small and diverse suppliers is change based on individual employee decisions.
Scope 2 emissions are produced during generation of purchased $3.27 billion.
10 F igueroa, C. Reliability of HIV rapid diagnostic tests for self- electricity and energy.
30 We do not use palm oil in our products.
However, we use testing compared with testing by healthcare workers: a systematic 20 Abbott estimates Scope 3 emissions using the GHG Protocol sustainably sourced soy- and palm-derived ingredients (such as review and meta-analysis.
The Lancet HIV 2018; 5:e277-90; April Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting palm nuts and medium-chain triglycerides (MCT) oil), which can 24, 2018.
https://www.
thelancet.com/journals/lanhiv/article/ Standard.
Transportation and Distribution includes Upstream be affiliated with deforestation.
PIIS2352-3018(18)30044-4/fulltext.
and Downstream.
Scope 3 estimations may be adjusted annually 11 Tonen-Wolyec, S. Field evaluation of capillary blood and oral- to account for data availability and methodology enhancements.
31 I ncludes China, Europe, India, and Latin America.
fluid HIV self-tests in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Sourcing category spend allocations are subject to change year 32 On-site audits may be repeated every three to five years.
over year in alignment with business strategy.
Abbott s estimated https://journals.
plos.org/plosone/article?
id=10.1371/journal.
33 Applies to both full- and part-time employees.
Scope 3 footprint excludes known sources in Downstream pone.
0239607.
Transportation, Processing of Sold Products, Use of Sold 34 Laws that prohibit agreements and practices that eliminate or 12 P ant Pai, N. Head-to-head comparison of accuracy of a rapid Products, and Investment categories.
Collectively, these omissions discourage competition.
point-of-care HIV test with oral versus whole-blood specimens: a are estimated to represent less than 4% of our total Scope 3 35 Including marketplaces, apps, websites, and social media.
systematic review and meta-analysis.
https://pubmed.
ncbi.
nlm.
footprint.
nih.gov/22277215/.
Abbott trademarks and products in-licensed by Abbott are shown 21 T he target boundary includes land-related emissions 13 Stekler, J. Relative accuracy of serum, whole blood, and oral fluid and removals from bioenergy feedstocks.
in italics in the text of this report.
HIV tests among Seattle men who have sex with men.
https:// 22 Manufacturing sites that produce over 25,000 metric tons pubmed.
ncbi.
nlm.
nih.gov/24342471/.
of CO2e annually are required to set additional carbon 14 This product has not been FDA cleared or approved, but has been reduction goals.
authorized for emergency use by FDA under an EUA for use by 23 W e define water recycling as the act of processing used water the authorized laboratories.
This product has been authorized and wastewater through an additional operating cycle(s) before only for the detection of nucleic acid from the mpox virus, not treatment and discharge.
for any other viruses or pathogens.
The emergency use of this product is only authorized for the duration of the declaration that 24 Abbott defines beneficial-use activities as sending material that 90 XGXL O GBLAOLB SAULS STUASITNAIANBAIBLIILTITYY R REEPPOORRTT 2 2002222 ABOUTABOUATCCESSQ AUANLDIT YA AFNFDO SRADFAETBYILITY ACDCEASTSA AND AWFOFORRKDFAOBRILCITEY ENWVOIRRKOFNOMRCEENT QDUATAALITY MASUNPAPGLYE CMHEANINT SUENPPVILRYO CNHMAEINNT GOGOVVEERRNNAANNCCEE APAPPPEENNDDIIXX APPENDIX 91 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX APPENDIX SCOPE OF THIS REPORT All financial information is stated in U.S. dollars.
Sustainability reporting is deeply All data reflect Abbott s activities, with a engrained at Abbott   stretching all the focus on 2022 results.
The boundary of our reporting, unless otherwise noted, is all activities way back to our first reports in the early under Abbott s global, operational control, as 1970s.
Since then, we have continued to consolidated in our financial reporting.
evolve our disclosure practices to share more, and increasingly transparent, All Abbott trademarks appear in italics progress information.
throughout this report.
We align our reporting with various REPORTING FEEDBACK environmental, social, and governance (ESG) Development of our sustainability strategy ratings and sustainability indices, including the was informed by the expertise of several Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), Sustainability external sources.
These experts also guide Accounting Standards Board (SASB), and the stakeholder engagements, the development of World Resources Institute/World Business our Responsibility webpages, and the production Council for Sustainable Development (WRI/ of this report.
We gratefully acknowledge WBCSD) Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHGP).
the counsel we receive from Corporate Citizenship, Flag, and WBCSD, among others.
Additional sustainability reports and performance Working with these groups better informs our updates, including country reports for key markets, reporting approach, keeps us abreast of external can be found on the Sustainability Reporting page expectations, and helps us identify areas for of our website.
strengthening stakeholder engagement.
Our policies help Abbott meet standards in We welcome feedback on our report.
Please countries where we operate, with many publicly send us an email at responsibility@abbott.com available on the Policies page of our website.
to share yours.
EXTERNAL ASSURANCE We engaged Apex Companies, an independent assurance provider, to conduct limited assurance of selected 2022 environmental and safety data.
Our website includes a PDF of the Apex Assurance Statement.
92 ESG PRIORITIES success of our business.
Considerations 5.
S ustainability Plan summit: To define our included the relationship of each issue to our 2030 Sustainability Plan goals, targets, and enterprise risk management (ERM) process.
The key performance indicators (KPIs), we held a information supported development of our ESG day-long summit with more than 100 cross- To build our 2030 Sustainability Plan, an priorities matrix and ESG topics that will drive company leaders.
Leaders offered cross- in-depth, two-year planning process began our strategy over the next 5 10 years.
business and cross-function representation with a detailed analysis of over 200 topics to help ensure alignment across the global that were relevant to internal and external 4.
W orking groups: Created working groups to business.
Outcomes of the summit have stakeholders, which we prioritized by address each priority issue.
Our Finance and guided our progress, drive improvement, and impact to our long-term business strategy, Corporate Audit teams were engaged to help help ensure Abbott s future competitiveness.
ensure Abbott s targets are integrated into our enterprise risk management (ERM) process, business strategy and financial plan.
and most important ESG topics.
OUR ESG PRIORITIES MATRIX A COMPREHENSIVE APPROACH Supported by external consultants Corporate Citizenship, we took a robust approach to identifying and ranking Abbott s ESG priority issues.
1.
C onduct extensive research on potential issues: Included peer and competitor benchmarking, emerging issue tracking, customer and ratings and rankings organization engagement, best practices identification, and detailed analysis of over 200 sustainability topics.
2.
S takeholder interviews: Conducted interviews with over 100 internal and external stakeholders, including customers, suppliers, investors, healthcare providers, nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), sustainability experts, and employees.
3.
I ssue ranking: Using feedback from the interview process, our Executive Leadership team prioritized topics according to importance to stakeholders and importance to the future IMPORTANCE TO FUTURE BUSINESS GROWTH SREDLOHEKATS OT ECNATROPMI GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX TIER 1 TIER 2 TIER 3 Access and Affordability Innovation Product Quality Supply Chain and Safety Talent Climate Change Data Government Packaging and Waste and Regulation Ethics and Compliance Human Rights Cybersecurity Water and Data Privacy Clinical Trial Transparency Corporate Transparency and Reporting Governance Executive Compensation Antimicrobial Resistance Animal Welfare 93 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX STAKEHOLDER ROUTES TO ENGAGEMENT Investors Employees ENGAGEMENT   Investor meetings   Annual all-employee survey and other   Annual Shareholders  Meeting, quarterly earnings ad-hoc surveys calls, and conferences (investor calendar)   Annual All-Employee Meeting with our Listening to stakeholders is vital to our   Investor newsletter Chairman and CEO success.
That s why we maintain open   Annual Report   All-employee Chairman and CEO communications channels of communication with various   Global Sustainability Report and Summary Report   Business and functional town hall meetings   Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Report groups to understand pressing issues,   Employee networks   Investors section of Abbott.com evolving health challenges and needs,   Social media   Abbott World intranet and myHR portal and the role Abbott can play as a global   Personalized information app Customers healthcare leader.
Customer meetings   Weekly news digest   Call centers   Weekly HR brief for managers We engage stakeholders formally through the   Sales ambassadors and customer various associations and partnerships we hold   Yammer  groups relationship managers memberships with.
We also informally connect   Employee Giving Campaign   Field service representatives with stakeholders through various networks   Business and country representatives   Exercise Across Abbott and organizations.
Across our key geographies, (Global Locations & Contacts)   Employee volunteering website local teams regularly review stakeholder   Consumer and Healthcare Professionals   Speak Up hotline engagement strategies, ensuring alignment with sections of Abbott.com Abbott s wider methodology.
Local engagement   Brand websites   On-site digital displays, banners, and posters outcomes are reported in country-level citizenship   Social media   Manufacturing site huddles/Let s Talk Sessions   Focus groups reports or at local forums.
For more details, see the Workforce   Clinical trials section (page 38).
Customer Satisfaction Suppliers Governments Our Net Promoter Score  (NPS) is an externally   Supplier Guidelines and other strategic policies   Government affairs liaison recognized metric for customer satisfaction.
Supplier Sustainability Risk and Opportunity   Trade associations/organizations Internally, it is a key indicator of our ability Mapping Assessment and Engagement Activities   Abbott Employee Political Action Committee to continuously meet customers  needs.
As an   External partnerships and industry organizations   Global Citizenship and Abbott Fund programs example of our performance, the NPS for our (e.g., DMSCA and PSCI)   Corporate Political Participation webpage   One-on-one supplier engagements on reducing diagnostics business increased from 32.2 in 2010 shared impacts For more details, see the Governance to 55.1 in 2022.
section (page 79).
Speak Up hotline For more details, see the Supply Chain section (page 69).
94 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY FINANCIAL METRICS SALES WORLDWIDE SOCIAL INVESTING(a) Dollars in Millions Dollars in Millions 2022 $43,653 2022 $74.2 2021 $43,075 2021 $90.1 2020 $34,608 2020 $75.7 2019 $31,904 2019 $70.6 2018 $30,578 2018 $62.7 R&D INVESTMENT U.S. EMPLOYEE GIVING CAMPAIGN RESULTS(b) Dollars in Millions Dollars in Millions 2022 $2,888 2022 $15.10 2021 $2,742 2021 $15.00 2020 $2,420 2020 $7.58 2019 $2,440 2019 $6.71 2018 $2,300 2018 $6.58 DIVIDENDS PAID Dollars in Millions 2022 $3,309 2021 $3,202 2020 $2,560 2019 $2,270 2018 $1,974 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
95 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY SOCIAL METRICS(w) SUPPLIER DIVERSITY: PERFORMANCE METRICS EMPLOYEES % of Management % of Management Who Are Women Who Are Minorities SUPPLIER DIVERSITY BY CLASSIFICATION Total (U.S.)(c) (U.S.)(c) Dollars in Millions 2020 2021 2022 2022 115,000 43% 35% Small Business $1,433 $1,897 $2,358 2021 113,000 43% 33% Veteran-Owned $99 $153 $187 2020 109,000 42% 32% Small Disadvantaged $102 $208 $134 2019 107,000 41% 36% Women-Owned $442 $509 $936 2018 103,000 40% 34% Historically Underutilized Business Zone $17 $23 $39 Minority-Owned $251 $430 $663 WOMEN IN MANAGEMENT POSITIONS (GLOBAL) LGBTQ+-Owned 0 $2 $2 Women in Junior Management Positions 42% Disadvantaged Business Enterprise N/A N/A $94 Women in Top Management Positions 33% Total $2,343 $3,211 $4,413 Women in Management Positions in Revenue-Generating Functions 41% Notes: (1) Supplier diversity key performance indicators (KPIs) are calculated using the U.S. government fiscal year (October 1   September 30).
FULL-TIME EMPLOYEES BY AGE GROUP (2) Spend data is for U.S. and Puerto Rico for 2022 reporting.
<30 Years Old 18% (3) Individual classification data is subject to overlap.
30 50 Years Old 63% (4) Women-Owned includes Women-Owned Large and Women-Owned Small spend classifications.
>50 Years Old 19% (5) Veteran-Owned includes Veteran-Owned and Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned.
EMPLOYEE TURNOVER RATE Total Employee Turnover Rate 16% Voluntary Employee Turnover Rate 13% Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
96 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX OCCUPATIONAL ILLNESS FREQUENCY RATE(d) RECORDABLE INJURY OR ILLNESS RATE(d) Illnesses per Million Hours (Employee and Contractor) Cases per 100 Workers(e) 2022 0.05 2022 0.25 2021 0.10 2021 0.30 2020 0.06 2020 0.28 2019 0.07 2019 0.46 2018 0.20 2018 0.41 LOST-TIME CASE RATE(d) GLOBAL VEHICLE ACCIDENT RATE(d) Total Employee and Cases per 100 Workers(e) Contractor Employee Contractor Accidents per Million Miles Driven (Field-Based Employees Only) 2022 0.12 0.13 0.06 2022 2.56 2021 2.61 2021 0.13 0.13 0.12 2020 2.70 2020 0.13 0.14 0.03 2019 3.81 2018 4.10 2019 0.30 0.32 0.06 2018 0.24 0.27 0.03 FATALITIES 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Fatalities (Employees and Contractors) 1 2 0 0 0 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
97 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY ENVIRONMENTAL METRICS   ENERGY AND EMISSIONS(w) ENERGY AND EMISSIONS GLOBAL PERFORMANCE SCOPE 1 AND 2 CARBON EMISSIONS Purchased Energy Purchased Energy 1,000 Metric Tons CO2e Total (Scope 1 and 2) Total (Scope 1 and 2) Purchased Fuels Refrigerant Total Direct (Scope 2) (Scope 2) Market-Based Location-Based (Scope 1) (Scope 1) (Scope 1) Market-Based Location-Based 2030 GOAL -5.2%(f) CO2e Emissions(i),(j) CO2e Emissions CO2e Emissions(k) CO2e Emissions(l) CO2e Emissions CO2e Emissions(j) CO2e Emissions(m) 2022 -0.4%(g) 929 1,006 516 14 530 399 476 2021 933 1,013 526 10 536 397 478 2020 901 978 490 9 499 402 479 2019 963 1,043 530 10 541 423 502 2018 (h) 980 1,056 526 10 536 445 521 SCOPE 1 AND 2 CARBON EMISSIONS Purchased Energy Purchased Energy INTENSITY   NORMALIZED TO SALES Total (Scope 1 and 2) Total (Scope 1 and 2) Total Direct (Scope 2) (Scope 2) 1,000 Metric Tons CO2e per $ Million Sales Market-Based Location-Based (Scope 1) Market-Based Location-Based CO2e Emissions(j) CO2e Emissions CO2e Emissions CO2e Emissions(j) CO2e Emissions 2022 -1.7%(g) 21 23 12 9 11 2021 22 24 12 9 11 2020 26 28 14 12 14 2019 30 33 17 13 16 2018 32 35 18 15 17 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
98 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY ENVIRONMENTAL METRICS   ENERGY AND EMISSIONS ENERGY AND EMISSIONS GLOBAL PERFORMANCE (CONTINUED) SCOPE 1 AND 2 CO2e EMISSIONS BY DIVISION SCOPE 1 AND 2 CARBON EMISSIONS BY ENERGY SOURCE(n) 1,000 Metric Tons CO2e   Market-Based Factors 1,000 Metric Tons CO2e   Market-Based Factors 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Scope 1 and 2 Carbon Emissions Stationary Sources Corporate 267 272 232 250 258 Electricity (Purchased) 439 417 397 393 395 Diagnostics 97 97 100 110 117 Natural Gas 384 375 370 387 360 Established Pharmaceuticals 142 140 134 134 136 Fuel Oils 4 4 4 7 10 Medical Devices 106 94 92 87 90 Coal - - - - - Nutrition 368 360 342 352 329 Misc.
Fuels 12 12 13 13 14 Purchased Steam, Hot Water, and Chilled Water 6 6 5 5 4 Biofuels <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 SCOPE 1 AND 2 CO2e EMISSIONS INTENSITY BY DIVISION   NORMALIZED TO SALES Generated Electricity (Cogeneration) - - - - - Metric Tons CO2e per $ Million Sales Generated Electricity (Renewables) - - - - - 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Stationary Total 845 813 789 805 784 Scope 1 and 2 Carbon Emissions Diagnostics 13 13 9 7 7 Established Pharmaceuticals 32 31 31 28 28 Mobile Sources Medical Devices 9 8 8 6 6 Sales Fleet Gasoline 92 98 72 90 100 Nutrition 51 49 45 42 44 Sales Fleet Diesel 26 34 25 22 25 Aviation Fuel 6 6 4 5 6 Plant/Shuttle Fleet (Diesel, Gasoline, 1 2 1 1 1 E85, Propane) Mobile Total 125 140 103 118 132 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
99 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY ENVIRONMENTAL METRICS   ENERGY AND EMISSIONS ENERGY AND EMISSIONS GLOBAL PERFORMANCE (CONTINUED) BIOGENIC EMISSIONS 2022 SCOPE 3 CARBON EMISSIONS BY CATEGORY(o) 1,000 Metric Tons CO2e 1,000 Metric Tons Upstream 2022 0.9 1: Purchased Goods and Services 8,146 2021 0.9 2020 0.9 2: Capital Goods 596 2019 1.1 3: Fuel- And Energy-Related Activities (Not Included in Scope 1 or Scope 2) 248 2018 1.0 4: Upstream Transportation and Distribution 2,574 5: Waste Generated in Operations 10 SCOPE 1 AND SCOPE 2 CO2e EMISSIONS BY GREENHOUSE GAS 1,000 Metric Tons   Market-Based Factors 6: Business Travel 202 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 7: Employee Commuting 196 CO2 (Scope 1) 524 529 488 524 515 8: Upstream Leased Assets -* CO2 (Scope 2) 443 420 400 396 397 Downstream CH4 (Scope 1) <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 9: Downstream Transportation And Distribution -    CH4 (Scope 2) 1 1 1 1 1 10: Processing of Sold Products -    N2O (Scope 1) 1 1 1 1 1 11: Use Of Sold Products 643  N2O (Scope 2) 2 1 1 1 1 12: End-Of-Life Treatment of Sold Products 214 HFCs (Scope 1) 10 10 9 10 14 13: Downstream Leased Assets -* HFCs (Scope 2) - - - - - 14: Franchises - PFCs (Scope 1) <1 <1 <1 <1 - 15: Investments -  PFCs (Scope 2) - - - - - SF6 (Scope 1) - - - - - SF6 (Scope 2) - - - - - *Energy consumed in buildings and vehicles that are leased to Abbott are included in Scope 1 and 2.
NF3 (Scope 1) <1 <1 <1 <1 <1  Abbott pays for the majority of transportation of products to retailers and customers in efforts to control NF3 (Scope 2) - - - - - costs and are therefore considered upstream transportation and distribution.
It is assumed that downstream transportation and distribution emissions are affiliated with retail space to store and sell products, which is marginal in the transportation and distribution category.
OTHER EMISSIONS  Abbott s estimated Scope 3 footprint excludes known sources in Downstream Transportation, Processing of 1,000 Metric Tons Sold Products, Use of Sold Products, and Investment categories.
Collectively, these omissions are estimated to 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 represent less than 4% of our total Scope 3 footprint.
Abbott assumes that the majority of its products are not further processed after they leave Abbott s Volatile Organic Compound (VOC) Emissions 1.23 1.15 1.32 1.50 1.27 manufacturing facilities.
Sulfur Oxide (SOx) from Combustion(p) 0.06 0.05 0.05 0.05 0.06 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
Nitrous Oxide (NOx) from Combustion(p) 0.33 0.33 0.33 0.35 0.33 To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Particulate Matter 0.07 0.06 0.06 0.08 0.08 Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
100 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY ENVIRONMENTAL METRICS   ENERGY AND EMISSIONS ENERGY AND EMISSIONS GLOBAL PERFORMANCE (CONTINUED) ENERGY CONSUMPTION ENERGY CONSUMPTION INTENSITY   NORMALIZED TO SALES 1,000 Gigajoules Gigajoules per $ Million Sales 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Purchased Fuels (Scope 1)(k) 9,727 9,747 9,125 9,741 9,452 Purchased Fuels (Scope 1)(k) 318 306 264 226 217 Purchased Energy (Scope 2)(m) 4,584 4,599 4,651 4,837 4,743 Purchased Energy (Scope 2)(m) 150 144 134 112 109 Total (Scope 1 and 2) 14,311 14,346 13,776 14,578 14,195 Total (Scope 1 and 2) 468 450 398 338 325 Energy Consumption Energy Consumption ENERGY CONSUMPTION BY SOURCE RENEWABLE ENERGY CONSUMPTION 1,000 Gigajoules 1,000 Gigajoules 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Stationary Sources Generated On-Site from Renewables 5 4 6 7 9 Electricity (Purchased) 4,227 4,252 4,341 4,542 4,530 Purchased Renewables from Third Party 542 545 605 678 649 Natural Gas 7,682 7,492 7,401 7,739 7,196 Fuel Oils 56 51 53 95 136 PURCHASED ENERGY CONSUMPTION BY TYPE Coal - - - - - 1,000 Gigajoules Misc.
Fuels 140 150 160 170 178 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Purchased Steam, Hot Water, and Chilled 116 111 91 92 80 Grid-Sourced Electricity 3,685 3,707 3,736 3,864 3,881 Water Renewable Energy 542 545 605 678 649 Biofuels 9 10 8 8 8 Electricity Consumed Total 4,227 4,252 4,341 4,542 4,530 Generated Electricity (Cogeneration) 236 231 213 196 123 % of Grid-Sourced Electricity 87% 87% 86% 85% 86% Generated Electricity (Renewables) 5 4 6 7 9 % of Renewable Energy Purchased 13% 13% 14% 15% 14% Stationary Total 12,472 12,301 12,272 12,850 12,260 Mobile Sources Sales Fleet Gasoline 1,360 1,448 1,071 1,326 1,475 Sales Fleet Diesel 367 482 353 315 349 Aviation Fuel 95 93 61 69 89 Plant/Shuttle Fleet (Diesel, Gasoline, 18 22 18 17 21 E85, Propane) Mobile Total 1,840 2,045 1,504 1,728 1,934 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
101 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY ENVIRONMENTAL METRICS   ENERGY AND EMISSIONS ENERGY AND EMISSIONS REGIONAL PERFORMANCE SCOPE 1 AND 2 CARBON EMISSIONS BY REGION 1,000 Metric Tons CO2e   Market-Based (Corporate Emission Factors) 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Asia Pacific Europe China 30 31 31 34 28 Belgium <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 India 34 38 38 41 42 Germany 16 18 13 14 13 Indonesia 3 4 4 4 4 Ireland 31 31 30 31 32 Japan 2 2 3 2 2 Netherlands 35 31 31 34 31 Korea (South) 3 2 3 4 5 Norway <1 2 2 <1 <1 Malaysia 9 9 9 9 10 Russia 27 23 22 22 20 Pakistan 24 23 25 26 26 Spain 10 10 9 10 10 Singapore 45 44 44 44 43 Switzerland <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 Vietnam 3 3 4 3 4 United Kingdom 12 12 11 11 11 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 81 74 58 66 71 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 38 41 34 35 37 Region Total 234 230 218 234 234 Region Total 169 167 153 157 155 Caribbean and Latin America North America Argentina 7 7 7 5 6 Canada 15 17 13 15 16 Brazil 6 6 4 5 6 U.S. 456 432 411 417 414 Chile 3 3 3 <1 3 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 39 49 35 51 48 Colombia 3 3 3 4 4 Region Total 511 498 460 483 479 Costa Rica 1 <1 1 <1 <1 Total for All Regions 980 963 901 933 929 Mexico 13 13 13 13 13 Peru 2 2 1 1 1 Puerto Rico, United States 11 10 13 13 12 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 21 24 25 16 16 Region Total 67 68 70 59 61 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
102 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY ENVIRONMENTAL METRICS   ENERGY AND EMISSIONS ENERGY AND EMISSIONS REGIONAL PERFORMANCE (CONTINUED) SCOPE 1 (DIRECT) CARBON EMISSIONS BY REGION 1,000 Metric Tons CO2e   Market-Based (Corporate Emission Factors) 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Asia Pacific Europe China 7 8 7 9 7 Belgium <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 India 15 17 16 18 19 Germany 11 12 11 12 11 Indonesia 1 1 1 1 1 Ireland 30 31 30 31 32 Japan <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 Netherlands 35 31 31 34 31 Korea (South) <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 Norway     <1 <1 <1 Malaysia <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 Russia 17 13 13 11 10 Pakistan 20 20 21 20 17 Spain 4 4 5 6 6 Singapore 23 23 22 23 22 United Kingdom 3 3 3 3 3 Vietnam <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 33 36 29 30 33 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 41 44 35 41 43 Region Total 134 131 122 128 127 Region Total 108 112 103 112 109 North America Caribbean and Latin America Canada 9 10 9 12 10 Argentina 2 3 3 3 3 U.S. 209 205 200 212 209 Brazil 4 4 3 3 4 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 37 42 31 38 42 Chile <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 Region Total 256 257 240 262 261 Colombia 1 1 1 1 1 Costa Rica <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 Total for All Regions 536 541 499 536 530 Mexico 13 13 13 13 11 Peru <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 Puerto Rico, United States 1 <1 1 <1 1 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 17 18 13 14 13 Region Total 38 40 34 34 33 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
103 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY ENVIRONMENTAL METRICS   ENERGY AND EMISSIONS ENERGY AND EMISSIONS REGIONAL PERFORMANCE (CONTINUED) SCOPE 2 (PURCHASED ENERGY) CARBON EMISSIONS BY REGION 1,000 Metric Tons CO2e   Market-Based (Corporate Emission Factors) 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Asia Pacific Europe China 23 23 23 25 21 Belgium <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 India 19 22 22 23 23 Germany 5 6 2 2 2 Indonesia 3 3 3 3 3 Ireland <1 - - - <1 Japan 2 2 3 2 2 Netherlands - - - - - Korea (South) 2 2 3 4 4 Norway <1 2 2 <1 - Malaysia 9 9 9 9 10 Russia 10 9 10 10 10 Pakistan 3 4 5 6 9 Spain 6 6 4 4 4 Singapore 22 21 21 21 21 Switzerland <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 Vietnam 3 2 4 3 3 United Kingdom 9 9 8 7 8 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 40 30 23 25 28 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 5 5 5 5 4 Region Total 126 118 115 122 125 Region Total 35 36 30 29 28 Caribbean and Latin America North America Argentina 5 5 4 3 4 Canada 6 6 4 3 6 Brazil 1 2 2 2 2 U.S. 247 227 211 205 205 Chile 3 3 2 <1 3 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 2 7 5 13 7 Colombia 3 2 2 3 3 Region Total 255 240 220 222 218 Costa Rica <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 Total for All Regions 445 423 402 397 399 Mexico <1 <1 <1 1 1 Peru 1 1 1 1 1 Puerto Rico, United States 11 10 12 13 11 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 4 6 12 3 3 Region Total 28 28 36 25 28 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
104 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY ENVIRONMENTAL METRICS   ENERGY AND EMISSIONS ENERGY AND EMISSIONS REGIONAL PERFORMANCE (CONTINUED) TOTAL ENERGY CONSUMPTION (SCOPE 1 AND 2) BY REGION 1,000 Gigajoules 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Asia Pacific Europe China 298 300 303 328 255 Belgium 3 3 3 3 3 India 374 419 417 456 482 Germany 349 343 332 354 343 Indonesia 21 27 26 24 21 Ireland 815 839 833 854 887 Japan 15 15 18 18 18 Netherlands 1,007 930 925 980 936 Korea (South) 37 37 52 66 69 Norway 21 21 19 21 20 Malaysia 48 50 51 52 54 Russia 424 361 351 329 301 Pakistan 455 431 475 416 328 Spain 140 137 153 177 178 Singapore 661 650 644 663 638 Switzerland 2 2 2 2 3 Vietnam 24 26 32 19 21 United Kingdom 148 140 137 148 144 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 876 846 672 774 815 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 559 597 499 516 547 Region Total 2,811 2,803 2,691 2,817 2,701 Region Total 3,470 3,373 3,253 3,383 3,360 Caribbean and Latin America North America Argentina 87 97 103 95 100 Canada 334 368 346 391 368 Brazil 149 148 108 121 113 U.S. 5,954 5,900 5,808 6,159 6,020 Chile 28 32 26 26 29 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 568 688 502 714 691 Colombia 60 65 72 72 67 Region Total 6,856 6,956 6,656 7,264 7,079 Costa Rica 106 109 106 106 103 Total for All Regions 14,311 14,346 13,776 14,578 14,195 Mexico 311 311 311 308 274 Peru 21 22 24 25 24 Puerto Rico, United States 121 105 108 100 93 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 292 324 318 260 251 Region Total 1,175 1,213 1,176 1,131 1,055 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
105 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY ENVIRONMENTAL METRICS   ENERGY AND EMISSIONS ENERGY AND EMISSIONS REGIONAL PERFORMANCE (CONTINUED) ENERGY CONSUMPTION   PURCHASED FUELS (SCOPE 1) BY REGION 1,000 Gigajoules 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Asia Pacific Europe China 141 141 140 155 106 Belgium 1 1 1 1 2 India 226 256 255 285 298 Germany 240 233 224 243 228 Indonesia 9 11 12 11 8 Ireland 660 680 667 685 677 Japan <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 Netherlands 708 632 626 682 619 Korea (South) 2 3 3 6 6 Norway - - <1 <1 <1 Malaysia 1 1 1 1 1 Russia 327 266 254 229 207 Pakistan 424 400 432 357 235 Spain 83 78 110 131 129 Singapore 459 457 448 465 442 United Kingdom 64 59 57 63 56 Vietnam 1 3 3 2 2 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 483 528 419 439 487 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 633 658 520 612 652 Region Total 2,566 2,477 2,357 2,472 2,404 Region Total 1,894 1,929 1,814 1,894 1,751 North America Caribbean and Latin America Canada 185 207 191 228 205 Argentina 44 49 56 52 56 U.S. 4,022 3,981 3,867 4,113 4,006 Brazil 108 101 45 62 47 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 551 624 458 581 620 Chile 5 6 5 2 3 Region Total 4,759 4,811 4,517 4,923 4,830 Colombia 14 16 20 18 15 Costa Rica 4 3 3 2 3 Total for All Regions 9,968 9,983 9,344 9,944 9,584 Mexico 310 309 307 304 261 Peru 3 3 4 4 2 Puerto Rico, United States 10 5 13 6 11 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 253 272 205 205 201 Region Total 749 765 657 655 599 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
106 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY ENVIRONMENTAL METRICS   ENERGY AND EMISSIONS ENERGY AND EMISSIONS REGIONAL PERFORMANCE (CONTINUED) ENERGY CONSUMPTION   PURCHASED ENERGY (SCOPE 2) BY REGION 1,000 Gigajoules 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Asia Pacific Europe China 157 159 163 173 149 Belgium 2 2 2 1 1 India 149 163 163 171 183 Germany 109 110 108 111 116 Indonesia 12 16 14 13 13 Ireland 155 158 165 170 210 Japan 15 15 18 18 18 Netherlands 299 298 299 298 317 Korea (South) 35 35 49 60 63 Norway 21 21 19 21 20 Malaysia 47 49 50 51 53 Russia 97 95 96 101 94 Pakistan 32 32 43 59 93 Spain 57 59 43 46 49 Singapore 202 194 196 198 196 Switzerland 2 2 2 2 3 Vietnam 23 24 29 17 18 United Kingdom 85 81 81 85 88 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 244 188 152 163 162 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 76 69 80 77 60 Region Total 916 874 878 923 950 Region Total 904 896 896 911 957 Caribbean and Latin America North America Argentina 43 48 46 43 44 Canada 149 161 155 163 163 Brazil 41 47 63 59 66 U.S. 1,931 1,920 1,941 2,046 2,014 Chile 24 25 21 24 26 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 17 64 44 133 71 Colombia 46 49 53 53 52 Region Total 2,097 2,145 2,140 2,342 2,248 Costa Rica 102 106 103 104 101 Total for All Regions 4,343 4,363 4,432 4,634 4,610 Mexico 1 2 3 5 13 Peru 18 19 20 21 22 Puerto Rico, United States 112 100 96 94 82 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 39 52 113 55 50 Region Total 425 449 519 458 456 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
107 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY ENVIRONMENTAL METRICS   ENERGY AND EMISSIONS ENERGY AND EMISSIONS REGIONAL PERFORMANCE (CONTINUED) RENEWABLE ENERGY CONSUMPTION BY REGION 1,000 Gigajoules 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Asia Pacific Europe Generated On-Site From Renewables 3 3 3 4 6 Generated On-Site From Renewables 1 1 2 2 3 Renewables Generated by Third Party - - 2 - - Renewables Generated by Third Party 492 496 558 583 640 Region Total 3 3 6 4 6 Region Total 492 497 560 585 642 Caribbean and Latin America North America Generated On-Site From Renewables 1 1 1 1 1 Generated On-Site From Renewables <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 Renewables Generated by Third Party - - 2 33 - Renewables Generated by Third Party 50 48 42 63 9 Region Total 1 1 3 34 1 Region Total 50 48 42 63 9 Total for All Regions 546 549 611 685 658 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
108 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY ENVIRONMENTAL METRICS   WATER(w) WATER GLOBAL PERFORMANCE WATER WITHDRAWAL(r) WATER WITHDRAWAL INTENSITY   NORMALIZED TO SALES(r) Megaliters Megaliters per $ Million Sales -0.2%(g) -1.5%(g) 2022 13,793 2022 0.32 2021 13,823 2021 0.32 2020 13,284 2020 0.38 2019 13,402 2019 0.42 2018 13,479 2018 0.44 WATER WITHDRAWAL   WATER-STRESSED SITES(q)(r) WATER WITHDRAWAL INTENSITY   WATER-STRESSED SITES   NORMALIZED TO SALES(q)(r) Megaliters Megaliters per $ Million Sales 2%(g) 0%(g) 2022 5,998 2022 0.14 2021 5,904 2021 0.14 2020 5,697 2020 0.16 2019 5,731 2019 0.18 2018 5,967 2018 0.20 WATER CONSUMED IN PROCESS WATER CONSUMED IN PROCESS INTENSITY   NORMALIZED TO SALES Megaliters Megaliters per $ Million Sales % Change From % Change From 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2021 to 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2021 to 2022 Total Water Consumed 2,668 2,307 2,524 2,419 2,351 -2.8% Total Water Consumed 0.09 0.07 0.07 0.06 0.05 -4.1% Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
109 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY ENVIRONMENTAL METRICS   WATER WATER GLOBAL PERFORMANCE (CONTINUED) WATER DISCHARGED WATER DISCHARGED INTENSITY   NORMALIZED TO SALES Megaliters Megaliters per $ Million Sales % Change From % Change From 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2021 to 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2021 to 2022 Total Water Discharged 8,854 9,061 8,708 9,217 9,215 -0.03% Total Water Discharged 0.29 0.28 0.25 0.21 0.21 -1.3% (Impaired) (Impaired) Total Water Discharged 1,957 2,034 2,051 2,187 2,228 1.9% Total Water Discharged 0.06 0.06 0.06 0.05 0.05 0.5% (Non-Impaired) (Non-Impaired) WATER WITHDRAWAL BY SOURCE(r) WATER RECYCLED Megaliters Megaliters 2022 2022 Fresh Surface Water 766 Recycled Water 1,642 Groundwater 2,306 Municipal Supply 10,660 Rainwater 36 Other 25 Total Water Intake 13,793 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
110 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY ENVIRONMENTAL METRICS   WATER WATER REGIONAL PERFORMANCE WATER WITHDRAWAL BY REGION(r) Megaliters 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Asia Pacific Europe China 356 347 364 378 344 Belgium <1 1 1 1 1 India 520 557 528 585 624 Germany 160 173 187 179 166 Indonesia 32 28 24 27 21 Ireland 710 667 686 726 797 Japan 6 7 7 9 9 Netherlands 1,407 1,331 1,378 1,410 1,485 Korea (South) 27 27 28 35 38 Norway 4 4 3 3 3 Malaysia 96 92 76 83 82 Russia 322 239 223 194 174 Pakistan 555 517 521 603 493 Spain 264 252 279 301 352 Singapore 765 727 754 799 811 Switzerland <1 <1 <1 <1 2 Vietnam 23 21 20 20 17 United Kingdom 23 20 25 21 22 Region Total 2,380 2,322 2,321 2,539 2,436 Region Total 2,891 2,688 2,781 2,835 3,002 Caribbean and Latin America North America Argentina 168 184 156 148 148 Canada 760 843 761 888 846 Brazil 62 71 82 73 63 U.S. 6,754 6,799 6,727 6,899 6,779 Chile 58 62 54 44 44 Region Total 7,514 7,642 7,488 7,787 7,624 Colombia 74 80 89 73 94 Costa Rica 118 114 94 99 132 Total for All Regions 13,479 13,402 13,284 13,823 13,793 Mexico 110 135 123 128 135 Peru 19 19 19 19 25 Puerto Rico, United States 86 84 77 77 89 Region Total 694 749 694 661 730 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
111 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY ENVIRONMENTAL METRICS   WASTE(w) WASTE GLOBAL PERFORMANCE DIVERSION RATE(s) TOTAL HAZARDOUS WASTE(u) Percentages Metric Tons +3.6%(g) 2022 90.0% 2022 8,145 2021 87.9% 2021 7,859 2020 87.7% 2020 10,135 2019 89.2% 2019 7,586 2018 86.6% 2018 6,582 TOTAL WASTE(u) TOTAL HAZARDOUS WASTE INTENSITY   NORMALIZED TO SALES(u) Metric Tons Metric Tons per $ Million Sales -5.6%(g) 2.3%(g) 2022 66,239 2022 0.2 2021 70,133 2021 0.2 2020 60,976 2020 0.3 2019 63,751 2019 0.2 2018 59,969 2018 0.2 TOTAL WASTE INTENSITY   NORMALIZED TO SALES(u) TOTAL NONHAZARDOUS WASTE(u) Metric Tons per $ Million Sales -6.8%(g) Metric Tons -6.7%(g) 2022 1.5 2022 58,094 2021 1.6 2021 62,274 2020 1.8 2020 50,841 2019 2.0 2019 56,166 2018 2.0 2018 53,388 TOTAL NONHAZARDOUS WASTE INTENSITY   NORMALIZED TO SALES(u) Metric Tons per $ Million Sales -7.9%(g) 2022 1.3 2021 1.4 2020 1.5 2019 1.8 2018 1.7 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
112 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY ENVIRONMENTAL METRICS   WASTE WASTE GLOBAL PERFORMANCE (CONTINUED) BENEFICIAL USE(v) BREAKDOWN OF TOTAL WASTE BY FATE(s)(u) Metric Tons Metric Tons 2018(t) 2019 2020 2021 2022 2022 107,131 2021 110,301 Landfilled 17,344 16,731 16,548 18,241 14,540 2020 96,972 Incinerated (Without Energy Recovery) 2,145 2,464 2,941 3,637 2,743 2019 114,770 2018(t) 88,729 Incinerated (With Energy Recovery) 11,367 17,061 13,083 13,149 15,647 Recycled 25,341 27,495 28,404 35,106 32,676 2022 BENEFICIAL USE BY WASTE TYPE(v) Other, Diverted 965 - - - 633 Metric Tons/Percentages Total 57,161 63,751 60,976 70,133 66,239 Quantity (Metric Tons) % BREAKDOWN OF HAZARDOUS WASTE BY FATE(s)(u) Cafeteria 4,973 5% Metric Tons Construction & Demolition 6,432 6% 2018(t) 2019 2020 2021 2022 Nutrition Byproduct 42,684 40% Landfilled 589 665 1,712 360 455 Corrugate/Cardboard 1,873 2% Incinerated (Without Energy Recovery) 1,258 1,349 1,658 1,777 1,636 Wood 5,416 5% Incinerated (With Energy Recovery) 2,594 3,527 3,576 3,494 3,398 Production Waste 19,440 18% Recycled 1,859 2,046 3,188 2,227 2,654 Unused Production Waste 6,652 6% Other, Diverted - - - - 1 Other 19,662 18% Total 6,301 7,586 10,135 7,859 8,145 Total Beneficial Use 107,131 100% BREAKDOWN OF NONHAZARDOUS WASTE BY FATE(s)(u) Metric Tons 2018(t) 2019 2020 2021 2022 Landfilled 16,755 16,067 14,836 17,880 14,085 Incinerated (Without Energy Recovery) 887 1,115 1,283 1,861 1,107 Incinerated (With Energy Recovery) 8,773 13,534 9,507 9,655 12,248 Recycled 23,481 25,450 25,216 32,879 30,022 Other, Diverted 965 - - - 632 Total 50,861 56,166 50,841 62,274 58,094 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
113 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY ENVIRONMENTAL METRICS   WASTE WASTE GLOBAL PERFORMANCE (CONTINUED) IT EQUIPMENT RESOLD AND RECYCLED Metric Tons 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Resold 67 56 60 71 Total Recycled 136 161 192 283 TOTAL PACKAGING REDUCTION(x) Pounds 2020 2021 2022 Cumulative Reduction 216,102 530,213 29,586,137 Employing Circularity Principles 14,779 1,405,218 Optimizing Material Efficiency 216,102 515,434 28,180,919 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
114 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY ENVIRONMENTAL METRICS   WASTE WASTE REGIONAL PERFORMANCE TOTAL WASTE BY REGION(u) Metric Tons 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Asia Pacific Europe China 2,634 2,678 1,419 1,849 1,708 Belgium 346 392 295 297 321 India 1,968 2,297 2,548 3,386 3,099 Germany 2,794 3,152 3,019 3,043 3,022 Indonesia 25 24 18 21 23 Ireland 3,643 7,309 3,045 3,118 3,495 Japan 509 555 548 581 608 Netherlands 4,221 5,258 5,727 5,348 4,919 Korea (South) 527 527 685 1,556 2,303 Norway 323 323 303 374 399 Malaysia 129 109 94 107 132 Russia 973 873 4,426 4,474 2,204 Pakistan 601 554 520 574 859 Spain 1,123 883 823 1,084 1,289 Singapore 2,402 1,930 1,965 1,950 1,972 Switzerland 36 40 33 33 37 Vietnam 64 75 71 83 53 United Kingdom 913 1,054 976 919 909 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 1,424 2,012 1,961 1,537 1,881 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 671 735 658 541 942 Region Total 10,282 10,759 9,830 11,645 12,638 Region Total 15,043 20,020 19,305 19,233 17,539 Caribbean and Latin America North America Argentina 451 537 481 513 549 Canada 661 751 746 743 713 Brazil 577 643 689 791 1,077 U.S. 27,354 25,887 25,150 32,590 28,329 Chile 575 559 465 469 547 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 117 275 403 430 887 Colombia 1,486 1,512 1,518 1,348 1,374 Region Total 28,131 26,913 26,299 33,764 29,928 Costa Rica 1,445 1,242 1,032 1,071 1,197 Total for All Regions 59,969 63,751 60,976 70,133 66,239 Mexico 416 364 329 250 248 Peru 307 292 283 278 294 Puerto Rico, United States 659 493 410 370 368 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 597 417 334 401 480 Region Total 6,513 6,059 5,542 5,492 6,135 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
115 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY ENVIRONMENTAL METRICS   WASTE WASTE REGIONAL PERFORMANCE (CONTINUED) HAZARDOUS WASTE BY REGION(u) Metric Tons 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Asia Pacific Europe China 62 75 130 216 217 Belgium 2 13 10 15 12 India 270 445 479 665 716 Germany 670 708 632 505 536 Indonesia 12 14 13 18 16 Ireland 449 540 612 680 763 Japan 28 28 32 56 46 Netherlands 1,591 2,284 2,509 1,945 1,591 Korea (South) 33 33 59 78 78 Norway 29 29 25 74 59 Malaysia 57 73 62 78 79 Russia 270 171 2,372 268 223 Pakistan 104 99 77 87 146 Spain 4 5 3 4 4 Singapore 17 26 13 19 21 Switzerland <1 <1 <1 1 1 Vietnam 38 46 37 45 27 United Kingdom 119 166 119 160 161 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 142 22 143 71 109 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 67 25 64 66 102 Region Total 764 860 1,044 1,332 1,454 Region Total 3,202 3,942 6,345 3,717 3,451 Caribbean and Latin America North America Argentina 228 305 264 262 359 Canada 101 156 112 122 121 Brazil 184 310 303 290 334 U.S. 990 861 854 784 895 Chile 149 272 230 239 237 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 12 5 106 157 226 Colombia 271 276 293 298 336 Region Total 1,103 1,021 1,072 1,063 1,242 Costa Rica 416 401 377 342 401 Total for All Regions 6,581 7,586 10,135 7,859 8,145 Mexico 73 41 47 34 53 Peru 91 112 120 119 115 Puerto Rico, United States 43 40 22 24 33 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 60 6 18 137 131 Region Total 1,513 1,763 1,674 1,746 1,998 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
116 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX KEY ENVIRONMENTAL METRICS   WASTE WASTE REGIONAL PERFORMANCE (CONTINUED) NONHAZARDOUS WASTE BY REGION(u) Metric Tons 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Asia Pacific Europe China 2,572 2,603 1,289 1,633 1,490 Belgium 344 380 285 282 309 India 1,698 1,852 2,070 2,721 2,383 Germany 2,124 2,444 2,387 2,538 2,486 Indonesia 13 10 5 3 7 Ireland 3,194 6,769 2,433 2,438 2,733 Japan 480 527 517 525 562 Netherlands 2,630 2,974 3,218 3,403 3,329 Korea (South) 494 494 625 1,478 2,225 Norway 294 294 278 301 340 Malaysia 72 36 32 29 53 Russia 703 702 2,053 4,207 1,981 Pakistan 497 455 444 487 713 Spain 1,119 878 820 1,080 1,284 Singapore 2,385 1,904 1,952 1,931 1,951 Switzerland 36 40 33 33 37 Vietnam 26 28 35 39 26 United Kingdom 794 887 857 760 748 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 1,281 1,990 1,818 1,466 1,772 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 604 710 594 475 840 Region Total 9,519 9,900 8,786 10,312 11,183 Region Total 11,841 16,079 12,960 15,516 14,088 Caribbean and Latin America North America Argentina 224 231 216 251 191 Canada 559 596 634 621 592 Brazil 393 333 386 502 743 U.S. 26,364 25,026 24,297 31,806 27,433 Chile 426 288 235 230 311 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 105 270 297 274 660 Colombia 1,215 1,236 1,225 1,050 1,038 Region Total 27,029 25,891 25,228 32,701 28,686 Costa Rica 1,029 841 656 728 796 Total for All Regions 53,388 56,165 50,841 62,274 58,094 Mexico 343 323 282 216 195 Peru 217 180 164 159 180 Puerto Rico, United States 616 453 388 345 335 Commercial and Other Buildings Region Total 537 411 316 264 348 Region Total 5,000 4,295 3,868 3,746 4,137 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
117 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH, AND SAFETY (EHS) FINES, NOTICES, AND INSPECTIONS EHS FINES, NOTICES OF VIOLATION, AND GOVERNMENT AGENCY INSPECTIONS EHS FINES U.S. Dollars 2018(h) 2019 2020 2021 2022 Environmental Fines 0 16,700 0 0 0 Health and Safety Fines 3,000 0 1,200 0 14,694 Total EHS Fines 3,000 16,700 1,200 0 14,694 EHS NOTICES OF VIOLATION (NOVS) 2018(h) 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total EHS NOVs 7 4 2 25 11 EHS GOVERNMENT AGENCY INSPECTIONS 2018(h) 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total EHS Inspections 148 90 212 194 518 Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.
To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.
Refer to page 119 for endnotes.
118 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX METRICS ENDNOTES All environmental data has been adjusted to account warehouse facilities under Abbott s control; sales mapping tool.
Sites rated as having high- or for acquisitions and divestitures, in accordance with fleet; and Abbott-owned aviation.
extremely high-baseline water stress in the tool the methodology prescribed in the World Resources (l) Per the GHGP, Scope 1 Refrigerant CO2e emissions are classified as being water stressed.
Institute/World Business Council for Sustainable include only those covered in the Kyoto Protocol.
(r) Water withdrawal is equivalent to water intake.
Development (WRI/WBCSD) Greenhouse Gas (m) Reported Scope 2 sources consist of energy directly (s) Abbott s diversion rate is calculated as follows: Protocol (GHGP).
We report data from acquisitions purchased by Abbott, such as electricity, steam, (Total Waste + Beneficial Use - Landfilled and as soon as is practical.
and hot and chilled water, as well as emissions Incineration without Energy Recovery)/Total from leased locations.
Unless specified otherwise, Waste + Beneficial Use.
Commercial and other (a) Abbott Fund, Citizenship, business contributions emissions are calculated according to the GHGP building activities, specific to beneficial use, are and product donations.
Scope 2 market-based method.
included in this rate starting in 2019.
Waste with an (b) 2021 marked the first year of our enhanced (n) Abbott s non-energy consumption greenhouse unknown disposal fate is included with landfill fate.
employee giving program.
See page 23.
gas emissions, such as refrigerant releases and Waste with an Other, Diverted fate is diverted from (c) These percentages are as of December 31.
process air emissions, are omitted.
The total CO2 landfill and incineration without energy recovery.
Percentages represent a count of U.S. employees, equivalents from non-energy sources are noted in (t) In 2018, data represents manufacturing, R&D, excluding the Rapid Diagnostics business.
the Total Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) table.
and warehouse facilities under Abbott s control.
(d) Legacy Alere is included in Health and Safety (o) Abbott estimates Scope 3 emissions using Commercial and other building beneficial use and metrics beginning in 2019.
the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain waste fate data in alignment with current fates were (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard.
not collected prior to 2019.
(e) Annual incident rates are calculated per 100 Transportation and Distribution includes Upstream (u) Waste-generation data does not include materials employees, assuming the average employee works and Downstream.
Scope 3 estimations may be that are reused beneficially.
40 hours per week and 50 weeks per year.
This is equivalent to 200,000 hours worked.
adjusted annually to account for data availability (v) Abbott defines beneficial-use activities as sending and methodology enhancements.
Sourcing category material that otherwise would have been wasted (f) This change represents 2022 progress toward our spend allocations are subject to change year over off-site to be used as an effective substitute for a 2030 goal of 30% reduction from 2018.
year in alignment with business strategy.
Abbott s commercial product or commodity.
Beneficial-use (g) This is the percentage change from 2021 to 2022.
estimated Scope 3 footprint excludes known sources material is used as is or in substantially the same (h) This is the baseline year.
in Downstream Transportation, Processing of Sold form as it was generated.
Products, Use of Sold Products, and Investment (i) Progress toward 2030 carbon goal is reported using (w) Per our environmental, health, and safety metrics categories.
Collectively, these omissions are the GHGP Scope 2 market-based methodology.
reporting protocols, metrics data published in estimated to represent less than 4% of our total (j) Scope 2 emissions are calculated using the GHGP previous years were adjusted in this report to reflect Scope 3 footprint.
market-based methodology.
Per the GHGP, where minor corrections, method adjustments, etc.
We market-based information is not available, location- (p) This reflects emissions from fuel combusted by report data from acquisitions as soon as is practical.
based results have been used as proxy.
manufacturing, R&D, and warehouse facilities Additionally, in 2022, we aligned key environmental under Abbott s control.
metrics data presented in the Appendix with GRI (k) Reported Purchased Fuels Scope 1 sources consist (q) Water-stressed locations have been determined specified units, where possible.
of fuel consumed by manufacturing, R&D, and using the WRI Aqueduct  global water risk (x) Savings based on annualized reductions.
119 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX GLOBAL REPORTING We sought to prepare this report in reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 2021 Standards.
All references are to pages within INITIATIVE (GRI) INDEX this Global Sustainability Report 2022 unless stated otherwise.
GRI STANDARD GRI DISCLOSURE LOCATION GRI STANDARD GRI DISCLOSURE LOCATION General Disclosures GRI 2: 2-12 Role of the highest governance Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 GRI 2: 2-1 Organizational details www.
abbott.com/contact.
html G Die sn ce lor sa ul r es b mo ad ny a i gn e o mv ee nrs te oe fi n img pth ace t s Appendix, Stakeholder Engagement, page 94 General www.
abbott.com/global-locations-contacts.
html 2021 Corporate Governance and Board Oversight, page 80 D 20is 2c 1lo sures Form 10-K P par go ex sy 1S 6t  a 2te 6ment: The Board of Directors and its Committees, 2-2 Entities included in the organization s Appendix, page 92 CDP Climate Change Response: (C1.2a)* sustainability reporting 2-13 Delegation of responsibility Corporate Governance and Board Oversight, page 80 2-3 Reporting period, frequency January 1   December 31, 2022 and contact point responsibility@abbott.com for managing impacts Proxy Statement: The Board of Directors and its Committees, pages 16 26 2-4 Restatements of information Metrics Endnotes, page 119 2-14 Role of the highest governance Sustainability Governance, page 24 2-5 External assurance Independent Assurance Statement body in sustainability reporting We verify our EHS performance data using an independent 2-15 Conflicts of interest Governance Guidelines webpage: Director Responsibilities and assurance provider: Apex Companies (formerly Bureau Veritas Code of Business Conduct North America).
2-16 Communication of critical concerns Proxy Statement: The Board of Directors and its Committees, 2-6 Activities, value chain and other Global Locations & Contacts pages 16 26 business relationships About Abbott, page 04 Compliance, page 84 FormX4-K, page 77 Due to confidentiality constraints, Abbott does not report the total number and nature of critical concerns.
For more 2-7 Employees Appendix, Key Social Metrics, page 96 information on how we handle critical concerns as a company, 2-8 Workers who are not employees Our Approach to Building Tomorrow s Workforce, page 39 please visit our Proxy Statement or the Governance section of our Global Sustainability Report, page 85.
2-9 Governance structure and Sustainability Governance, page 24 composition Proxy Statement: The Board of Directors and its Committees, 2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest Governance Guidelines webpage: Director Orientation and governance body Continuing Education pages 16 26 Business Roundtable Meetings Board of Directors & Committees 2-18 Evaluation of the performance of Proxy Statement: Board Evaluation Process, page 24 2-10 Nomination and selection of the Board of Directors & Committees highest governance body Proxy Statement: The Board of Directors and its Committees, the highest governance body Proxy Statement: Compensation Link To Sustainability, pages 35 36 pages 16 26 2-19 Remuneration policies Proxy Statement: Executive Compensation, pages 27 70 2-11 Chair of the highest governance body Board of Directors & Committees Compensation and Benefits, page 46 Proxy Statement: The Board of Directors and its Committees, pages 16 26 CDP Climate Change Response: (C1.3a)* 2-20 Process to determine remuneration Proxy Statement: Executive Compensation, pages 27 70 Proxy Statement: Proxy Summary, pages 8, 11, 35 2-21 Annual total compensation ratio Proxy Statement: Executive Compensation, page 66 2-22 Statement on sustainable Chairman and CEO Letter, page 03 development strategy * CDP responses reflect 2021 reporting year.
120 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) INDEX (CONTINUED) GRI STANDARD GRI DISCLOSURE LOCATION GRI STANDARD GRI DISCLOSURE LOCATION GRI 2: 2-23 Policy commitments Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 Material Topics G Die sn ce lor sa ul r es About Abbott, page 04 GRI 3: 3-1 Process to determine material topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 2021 Ethics and Integrity, page 83 Material Appendix, Stakeholder Engagement, page 94 Supply Chain Management, page 70 Topics 2021 3-2 List of material topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 About Abbott Economic Code of Business Conduct Supplier Guidelines Economic performance 2-24 Embedding policy commitments Code of Business Conduct GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 Compliance, page 84 Material Corporate Governance and Board Oversight, page 80 Topics 2021 Supply Chain, Social Responsibility Clauses, page 72 Annual Report 2022: Financial Report, pages 36 82 2-25 Processes to remediate Code of Business Conduct Proxy Statement: Board Oversight, pages 20 23 negative impacts Corruption and Anti-Bribery, page 87 GRI 201: 201-1 Direct economic value generated Annual Report 2022, pages 37 42 Economic and distributed Supplier Sustainability Risk Due Diligence Program, page 72 Performance 201-2 Financial implications and other CDP Climate Change Response: (C2.2)* 2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice Corruption and Anti-Bribery, page 87 2016 and raising concerns Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, page 43 r ci ls imks a a tn e d c ho ap np go ertunities due to Appendix, TCFD index, page 133 Code of Business Conduct 201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations Annual Report 2022, page 55 2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations Our Approach to a Healthy Environment, page 51 and other retirement plans Proxy Statement: Pension Benefits, pages 59 62 Employee Health and Safety, page 47 Indirect Economic Impacts Employee Well-Being, page 45 GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 Form 10-K pages 4, 6, and 11 reference compliance Material Supporting Our Global Communities, pages 22 23 When public disclosure criteria are met, the total amount Topics 2021 of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings is included Advancing Health Equity, page 32 in our 2022 Annual Report.
GRI 203: 203-1 Infrastructure investments and Realizing Our Purpose, page 05 2-28 Membership associations Business Roundtable Indirect services supported Innovate for Access and Affordability, page 26 Economic Conference Board Impacts 2016 203-2 Significant indirect economic Realizing Our Purpose, page 05 External Professional Associations, Partnerships, and Events impacts Our Approach to Access and Affordability, page 27 Local Initiatives Support Corporation Supply Chain Management, page 70 Member of AdvaMed Form 10-K: ITEM 1A.
RISK FACTORS, pages 9 14 Member of WBCSD Procurement Practices National Minority Supplier Development Council Partner of World Economic Forum GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative Material Supply Chain Management, page 70 Topics 2021 U.S. Chamber of Commerce Strengthening the Supply Chain, page 75 GRI 2: 2-29 Approach to stakeholder Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 GRI 204: 204-1 Proportion of spending on Supply Chain Management, page 70 General engagement Appendix, Stakeholder Engagement, page 94 Procurement local suppliers Abbott does not currently track annual spend on local suppliers.
Disclosures Practices 2021 2016 * CDP responses reflect 2021 reporting year.
121 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) INDEX (CONTINUED) GRI STANDARD GRI DISCLOSURE LOCATION GRI STANDARD GRI DISCLOSURE LOCATION Anti-corruption Environmental GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 Materials M Toa pt ie csr i 2al 0 21 Compliance, page 84 GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 Corruption and Anti-Bribery, page 87 Material Supply Chain Management, page 70 Abbott Anti-Corruption Overview Topics 2021 Waste Management, page 59 Ethics and Integrity, page 83 Our Approach to a Healthy Environment, page 51 GRI 205: 205-1 Operations assessed for risks Corruption and Anti-Bribery, page 87 Environmental Management & Policy Anti- related to corruption Proxy Statement: Our Commitment to Sustainability, page 8 Corruption 2016 205-2 Communication and training Corruption and Anti-Bribery, page 87 Each Abbott business sets annual environmental targets with about anti-corruption policies Employees are assigned Legal and Ethical Resource Network our Executive Leadership, which we track as part of Abbott s and procedures (LERN) courses based on their role and responsibilities.
The quarterly EHS scorecard.
This helps us maintain progress toward LERN curriculum includes annual certifications on the Code of our 2030 targets and identify areas for improvement on a Business Conduct and conflicts of interest in addition to other continuous basis.
training and education courses, with a key focus on interactions GRI 301: 301-1 Materials used by weight or volume In 2022, it is estimated that Abbott Nutrition utilized about with healthcare professionals.
In 2022, over 99.7% of active Materials 123,000 metric tons of material to place approximately employees completed the annually assigned Code of Business 2016 3.4 billion packages on market.
About 12% (about 15,000 Conduct training course and certification.
metric tons) is from renewable materials and about 108,000 Anti-competitive Behavior metric tons is from nonrenewable materials.
GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 301-2 Recycled input materials used In our Nutrition business unit, about 9% of packaging is made Material Compliance, page 84 from recycled-input materials.
Topics 2021 Corruption and Anti-Bribery, page 87 301-3 Reclaimed products and their Packaging, page 62 Abbott Anti-Corruption Overview packaging materials In our Nutrition business unit, about 80% of packaging is designed for recyclability.
Reporting data is calculated using Corporate Governance and Board Oversight, page 80 projected annual volumes from internal planning sources and Ethics and Integrity, page 83 consulting various external industry references to categorize packaging as recyclable, renewable and/or using recycled content.
GRI 206: 206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive When public disclosure criteria are met, monetary losses Anti- behavior, anti-trust, and as a result of legal proceedings are included in our 2022 Energy Competitive monopoly practices Annual Report.
Behavior 2016 GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 Material Energy and Emissions, page 53 Topics 2021 Our Approach to a Healthy Environment, page 51 Environmental Management & Policy Proxy Statement: Our Commitment to Sustainability, page 8 Independent Assurance Statement Appendix, Key Environmental Metrics   Energy and Emissions, page 98 122 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) INDEX (CONTINUED) GRI STANDARD GRI DISCLOSURE LOCATION GRI STANDARD GRI DISCLOSURE LOCATION GRI 302: 302-1 Energy consumption within the Appendix, Key Environmental Metrics   GRI 303: 303-1 Interactions with water as a shared Protecting Water Resources, page 56 Energy 2016 organization Energy and Emissions, page 98 Water and resource Strengthening the Supply Chain, Supply Chain Water Risks, 302-2 Energy consumption outside of Abbott estimates emissions associated with upstream and Effluents page 77 2018 the organization downstream energy consumption in Scope 3.
See CDP Climate CDP Water Response: pages 9, 12* Change Response C6.5.
* 303-2 Management of water discharge- Protecting Water Resources, page 56 302-3 Energy intensity Appendix, Key Environmental Metrics   related impacts CDP Water Response: pages 9, 12* Energy and Emissions, page 98 Abbott s medicines business acts to reduce antimicrobial 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption Energy and Emissions, page 53 discharge to the environment, both from our own sites and Appendix, Key Environmental Metrics   those of our suppliers, and minimize the spread of antimicrobial Energy and Emissions, page 98 resistance (AMR).
See page 75 for more information on how we work with our suppliers.
Water We regularly assess discharge levels at each of Abbott s antibiotic GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 and antifungal manufacturing sites.
We quantify antimicrobial Material Our Approach to a Healthy Environment, page 51 discharge levels in the wastewater by conducting a high-level Topics 2021 theoretical assessment of the potential discharge risk (called Protecting Water Resources, page 56  mass balance ), and whenever we see that results could be Environmental Management & Policy out of compliance, we follow up with chemical analysis of water samples for a more precise assessment.
For sites where multiple Proxy Statement: Our Commitment to Sustainability, page 8 active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) are produced, we Independent Assurance Statement consider the lowest antimicrobial discharge limits available among all publicly available databases, including those set by the AMR Industry Alliance.
If limits are not publicly available, our preclinical safety laboratory calculates them based on European Medicines Agency (EMA) guidelines.
When setting antimicrobial discharge limits, we consider the lowest predicted no-effect concentrations (PNECs) and those with the biggest batch size.
Abbott s PNECs are risk-based.
For antimicrobials, Abbott has a default PNEC system based on an internal standard.
In parallel, our preclinical safety laboratory evaluates PNECs availability on publicly available databases, including PNECs established by the AMR Industry Alliance.
If multiple values are available, the most stringent value is selected.
If PNECs do not exist but ecotoxicological information is available publicly, our preclinical safety laboratory calculates PNECs based on the European Medical Agency (EMA) guideline on the environmental risk assessment of medicinal products for human use.
In the 2021 Access to Medicines Foundation s AMR Benchmark report, Abbott received the second-highest score of all generic medicines manufacturers assessed and received the highest score in the manufacturing section.
303-3 Water withdrawal Protecting Water Resources, page 56 CDP Water Response: page 4* Appendix, Key Environmental Metrics   Water, page 109 * CDP responses reflect 2021 reporting year.
123 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) INDEX (CONTINUED) GRI STANDARD GRI DISCLOSURE LOCATION GRI STANDARD GRI DISCLOSURE LOCATION 303-4 Water discharge Protecting Water Resources, page 56 305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur Energy and Emissions, page 53 CDP Water Response: page 4* oxides (SOx), and other significant Appendix, Key Environmental Metrics   Appendix, Key Environmental Metrics   Water, page 109 air emissions Energy and Emissions, page 98 CDP Climate Change Response (C.
7.1a)* 303-5 Water consumption Protecting Water Resources, page 56 CDP Water Response: page 4* Effluents and Waste Emissions GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 Material Waste Management, page 59 GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 Topics 2021 Material Energy and Emissions, page 53 Our Approach to a Healthy Environment, page 51 Topics 2021 Environmental Management & Policy Our Approach to a Healthy Environment, page 51 Proxy Statement: Our Commitment to Sustainability, page 8 Environmental Management & Policy Independent Assurance Statement Proxy Statement: Our Commitment to Sustainability, page 8 Independent Assurance Statement GRI 306: 306-1 Waste generation and significant Waste Management, page 59 Waste 2018 waste-related impacts Supply Chain Management, page 70 GRI 305: 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Energy and Emissions, page 53 Emissions Appendix, Key Environmental Metrics   306-2 Management of significant Waste Management, page 59 2016 Energy and Emissions, page 98 waste-related impacts CDP Climate Change Response: (C6.1)* 306-3 Waste generated Appendix, Key Environmental Metrics   Waste, page 112 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) Energy and Emissions, page 53 Waste Management, page 59 GHG emissions Appendix, Key Environmental Metrics   Strengthening the Supply Chain, Waste Diversion With Inbound Energy and Emissions, page 98 Material Suppliers, page 78 CDP Climate Change Response: (C6.2)* 306-4 Waste diverted from disposal Waste Management, page 59 GRI 305: 305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) Energy and Emissions, page 53 Appendix, Key Environmental Metrics   Waste, page 112 Emissions GHG emissions Appendix, Key Environmental Metrics   Strengthening the Supply Chain, Reuse and Responsible Waste 2016 Energy and Emissions, page 98 Management, page 78 CDP Climate Change Response: (C6.5)* 306-5 Waste directed to disposal Appendix, Key Environmental Metrics   Waste, page 112 305-4 GHG emissions intensity CDP Climate Change Response: (C6.10)* Waste Management, page 59 Strengthening the Supply Chain, Reuse and Responsible Waste 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions Energy and Emissions, page 53 Management, page 78 Appendix, Key Environmental Metrics   Energy and Emissions, page 98 Supplier Environmental Assessment CDP Climate Change Response: (C7.9a)* GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting Appendix, Key Environmental Metrics   Material Supply Chain Management, page 70 Topics 2021 substances (ODS) Energy and Emissions, page 98 Our Approach to a Healthy Environment, page 51 CDP Climate Change Response: (C7.1a)* Environmental Management & Policy Any Abbott facilities using substances containing ozone- Proxy Statement: Our Commitment to Sustainability, page 8 depleting or hazardous/toxic air pollutants, as classified by local environmental protection agencies, adhere to applicable GRI 308: 308-1 New suppliers that were screened Supplier Sustainability Due Diligence Program, page 72 regulations.
They also abide by Abbott s technical standards Supplier using environmental criteria to help ensure protection of human and environmental health.
Environmental 308-2 Negative environmental impacts in Supplier Sustainability Due Diligence Program, page 72 Our Supplier Guidelines establish that the same standards are Assessment the supply chain and actions taken expected of Abbott suppliers.
2016 * CDP responses reflect 2021 reporting year.
124 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) INDEX (CONTINUED) GRI STANDARD GRI DISCLOSURE LOCATION GRI STANDARD GRI DISCLOSURE LOCATION Social Occupational Health and Safety Employment GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 M Toa pt ie csr i 2al 0 21 Employee Health and Safety, page 47 Material Talent Management Reviews, page 39 Employee Well-Being, page 45 Topics 2021 Code of Business Conduct Human Rights, page 49 Proxy Statement: Our Commitment to Sustainability, page 8 Global Environment, Health, and Safety Standards Proxy Statement: Our Commitment to Sustainability, page 8 GRI 401: 401-1 New employee hires and employee Talent Management Reviews, page 39 Employment turnover GRI 403: 403-1 Occupational health and safety Employee Health and Safety, page 47 2016 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time Financial and Retirement Benefits, page 46 Occupational management system Employee Well-Being, page 45 Health and employees that are not provided to Safety 2018 403-2 Hazard identification, risk Employee Health and Safety, page 47 temporary or part-time employees assessment, and incident Employee Well-Being, page 45 401-3 Parental leave For U.S. employees, in early 2021, we launched a comprehensive investigation childcare program and parenting benefits site, which offer direct 403-3 Occupational health services Occupational Health Services, page 47 access to Abbott s many benefits for parents and parents-to-be, such as tutoring and childcare services.
Parental leave is available Employee Well-Being, page 45 to eligible birth and adoptive mothers and fathers providing up 403-4 Worker participation, consultation, Employee Health and Safety, page 47 to eight workweeks (i.e., up to 320 work hours or an equivalent and communication on occupational Employee Well-Being, page 45 part-time workweek) paid time off following the birth or legal health and safety adoption of a child.
Parental leave may be used in one-week increments, up to one year from the date of birth or adoption 403-5 Worker training on occupational Employee Health and Safety, page 47 of a new child.
In 2022, 1,234 employees took parental leave.
health and safety Employee Well-Being, page 45 46% (571 employees) were women and 54% (663 employees) were men.
403-6 Promotion of worker health Employee Health and Safety, page 47 We comply with all laws regarding parental leave, which may Employee Well-Being, page 45 require more expansive benefits.
Abbott does not track return 403-7 Prevention and mitigation of Employee Health and Safety, page 47 and retention rates by leave usage.
occupational health and safety Employee Well-Being, page 45 Labor/Management Relations impacts directly linked by business relationships GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 M Toa pt ie csr i 2al 0 21 Talent Management Reviews, page 39 403-8 W heo ar ltk he ars n c do sv ae fr ee td y b my a a nn a go ec mcu ep na tt ional E Emm pp ll oo yy ee ee WHe ea lll -t Bh ea in nd g ,S pa af ge et y 4, 5page 47 Code of Business Conduct system 100% of employees and contractors are covered by this Benefits management system.
Our data has been audited internally by Proxy Statement: Our Commitment to Sustainability, page 8 the Governance group and verified by an external auditor.
GRI 402: 402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding We treat all individuals with respect and communicate openly Labor/ operational changes and with as much notice as practical given varying circumstances.
Management We follow all locally required notice periods.
Relations 2016 125 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) INDEX (CONTINUED) GRI STANDARD GRI DISCLOSURE LOCATION GRI STANDARD GRI DISCLOSURE LOCATION 403-9 Work-related injuries Employee Health and Safety, page 47 Diversity and Equal Opportunity Employee Well-Being, page 45 GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 Our 2022 lost-time case rate target was 0.12 per 100 workers, Material Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, page 43 which includes employees and contract workers.
Topics 2021 Supplier Diversity Program Abbott reports case rates per 100 workers, equivalent to 200,000 hours worked.
Abbott does not track data according Proxy Statement: Board Oversight, pages 20 23 to GRI s definition of  high-consequence  injuries.
Our GRI 405: 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies Corporate Governance and Board Oversight, page 80 recordable case rate incidents include any work-related injuries Diversity and employees Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, page 43 resulting in death, days away from work, restricted work or and Equal transfer to another job, medical treatment beyond first aid, loss Opportunity Proxy Statement: Board Diversity and Composition, page 18 of consciousness, and significant illness or injury diagnosed by a 2016 405-2 Ratio of basic salary and Abbott does not currently report this data.
licensed healthcare professional.
remuneration of women to men 403-10 Work-related ill health Employee Health and Safety, page 47 Child Labor Employee Well-Being, page 45 GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 Training and Education Material Supplier Guidelines Topics 2021 GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 Human Rights, page 49 Material Talent Management Reviews, page 39 Proxy Statement: Board Oversight, pages 20 23 Topics 2021 Employee Health and Safety, page 47 GRI 408: 408-1 Operations and suppliers at Securing Our Supply Chain, page 88 Employee Well-Being, page 45 Child Labor significant risk for incidents of Guiding Responsible Suppliers, page 71 Our Commitment to Quality, page 65 2016 child labor Human Rights, page 49 Human Rights, page 49 At this time, we are unable to disclose data around high-risk Corruption and Anti-Bribery, page 87 operations or suppliers.
Our Approach to a Healthy Environment, page 51 Forced or Compulsory Labor GRI 404: 404-1 Average hours of training per year Talent Management Reviews, page 39 GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 Training and per employee Education Material Supplier Guidelines 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee Supply Chain Management, page 70 Topics 2021 2016 Human Rights, page 49 skills and transition assistance Talent Management Reviews, page 39 programs Proxy Statement: Board Oversight, pages 20 23 Employee Health and Safety, page 47 GRI 409: 409-1 Operations and suppliers at Supply Chain Management, page 70 Employee Well-Being, page 45 Forced or significant risk for incidents of Strengthening the Supply Chain, page 75 Our Commitment to Quality, page 65 Compulsory forced or compulsory labor Protecting Our People, Products, and Brands, page 88 Labor 2016 Abbott does not currently report data on the operations and suppliers considered to have significant risk for incidents of Corruption and Anti-Bribery, page 87 forced labor.
404-3 Percentage of employees receiving Our employees receive annual performance reviews and regular performance and career throughout the year have access to a development planning development reviews platform.
Managers and employees are encouraged to have regular conversations about performance and development.
126 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) INDEX (CONTINUED) GRI STANDARD GRI DISCLOSURE LOCATION GRI STANDARD GRI DISCLOSURE LOCATION Local Communities Customer Health and Safety GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 Material Supporting Our Local Communities, page 22 Material Our Commitment to Quality, page 65 Topics 2021 Topics 2021 Proxy Statement: Board Oversight, pages 20 23 Compliance, page 84 GRI 413: 413-1 Operations with local community Supporting Our Local Communities, page 22 GRI 416: 416-1 Assessment of the health and safety Abbott s Quality Management System (QMS) is implemented Local engagement, impact assessments, Welcome, page 02 Customer impacts of product and service at a global level and incorporated into each division and site.
Risk Communities and development programs Health and categories management is an element of the QMS and implemented across 2016 Advancing Health Equity, page 32 Safety 2016 the life cycle of Abbott products.
413-2 Operations with significant actual Supporting Our Local Communities, page 22 416-2 Incidents of noncompliance Abbott s QMS is implemented at a global level and incorporated and potential negative impacts on Strengthening the Supply Chain, page 75 concerning the health and safety into each division and site.
Risk management is an element of the local communities impacts of products and services QMS and implemented across the life cycle of Abbott products.
Supplier Social Assessment Marketing and Labeling GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 M Toa pt ie csr i 2al 0 21 S Stu rp ep nl gy t C heh na ii nn g M tha en a Sg ue pm ple yn Ct, hp aa ig ne , p7 a0 ge 75 M Toa pt ie csr i 2al 0 21 E Pt rh ivi ac cs ya n Pd o lI in ct yegrity, page 83 Supplier Diversity Program Advertising and Marketing Approach Proxy Statement: Board Oversight, page 20 23 Our Global Policy on the Marketing of Infant Formula, GRI 414: 414-1 New suppliers that were screened Supplier Risk Assessment and Engagement, page 67 pages 8, 10 Supplier Social using social criteria Code of Business Conduct Assessment 414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply Supply Chain Management, page 70 Proxy Statement: Board Oversight, pages 20 23 2016 chain and actions taken GRI 417: 417-1 Requirements for product and For SDS for our formulation products, including ADD assays, Public Policy Marketing and service information and labeling see section 13 of our Safety Data Sheets.
We also provide Labeling 2016 dismantling instructions for ADD, as well as waste handling and GRI 3: 3-3 Management of Material Topics Appendix, ESG Priorities, page 93 disposal instructions, in our OUS Technical Library, which is Material Public Policy Engagement, page 89 available to our customers.
Topics 2021 Proxy Statement: Board Oversight, pages 20 23 Ethics and Integrity, page 83 Privacy Policy GRI 415: 415-1 Political contributions Public Policy Engagement, page 89 Public Policy We have not made direct independent expenditures on behalf Advertising and Marketing Approach 2016 of candidates running for public office and do not have plans Our Global Policy on the Marketing of Infant Formula, to make independent expenditures.
If such expenditures are pages 8, 10 made, they will be included in our semi-annual report.
Our 417-3 Incidents of noncompliance When public disclosure criteria are met, monetary losses as a political contributions are bipartisan, made without regard for concerning marketing result of legal proceedings associated with false marketing claims the private political preferences of our officers and executives, communications are included in our 2022 Annual Report.
and based on:   Candidate policy positions that reflect Abbott s interests   Representation of geographic areas where Abbott employees and facilities are located   Relevant legislative committee assignments of office holders   A candidate s ability to be elected   The need for financial assistance Abbott s latest federal lobbying disclosure filings can be found on our website (Corporate Political Participation).
The Public Policy Committee of the Abbott Board of Directors reviews an annual report of our advocacy priorities.
127 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD (SASB) INDEX Abbott is reporting under the SASB, and in doing so, we strive to METRIC 2022 DISCLOSURE provide material environmental, social, and governance (ESG) HC-MS-240a.
2: Description Abbott Laboratories sells diagnostics, medical devices, nutritional products, and established of how price information for pharmaceuticals (for more details, see page 26 in our Innovate for Access and Affordability information to our investors and stakeholders.
The following index each product is disclosed to section in this report).
Given the breadth of our product offerings, each Abbott division customers or to their agents.
sells products using a variety of contracting methodologies.
Divisions use a variety of price provides content aligning with disclosures related to the Medical concessions in their sales contracting, including point-of-sale discounts, rebates, and wholesaler Equipment & Supplies Standard; Biotechnology & Pharmaceuticals chargebacks.
These price concessions can be for single or multi-product sales and may include products from multiple business units or divisions (such as all medical device business units or Standard; and Processed Foods Standard.
Unless otherwise noted, rapid and molecular diagnostics).
Price concessions may be based upon factors such as volume, market share, and purchase commitments, or result from competitive bidding processes, and are all data disclosed is as of December 31, 2022.
generally documented in executed contracts, purchase orders, and term sheets.
Point-of-sale discounts are reflected in invoices that show the discounted prices, and rebates are documented in written agreements, with rebate calculations provided at the time rebate payments are made.
Our customers span the globe and include federal, state, and local governments, hospitals, METRIC 2022 DISCLOSURE group purchasing organizations, wholesalers, individual healthcare providers, and consumers.
We maintain pricing flexibility to meet the needs of our diverse customers, large and small, and Medical Equipment & Supplies Standard to help ensure that our essential healthcare products are available and affordable across the globe.
Affordability and Pricing Product Safety H weC ig- hM teS d- 2 av4 e0 raa g.1 e: R raa tt ei o o o f f n et Year Total Abbott Net Sa (le ys e aP rr -i oc ne - C yeh aa rn %ge ) Global Consu (m yee ar r P -or nic -e y eIn ad r e %x )1 H of C re- cM alS ls- i2 ss5 u0 ea d. ,1 : t oN tu alm ub ne itr s FDA Class I and Class II price increases (for all products) recalled.
Business Class I Class II to the annual increase in the 2022 -0.3% +7.9% U.S. Consumer Price Index.
Med Device 1 10 2021 -1.5 +3.9 Diagnostics 0 16 2020 -0.4 +1.7 Pharmaceutical2 N/A N/A 2019 +0.2 +2.4 Nutrition 1 4 Affordability and access are priorities for Abbott as we strive to help people live fully through our life-changing products and technologies.
We aim to reach as many people as possible who HC-MS-250a.
2: List of See the FDA s MedWatch safety alerts for human medical products database.
need these healthcare solutions.
products listed in the FDA s   Abbott Recalls the Readers used with the FreeStyle Libre, FreeStyle Libre 14 day, and FreeStyle As part of our 2030 Sustainability Plan, we have an intentional focus on designing sustainable MedWatch Safety Alerts for Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitoring Systems for Risk of Extreme Heat and Fire access and affordability into our new life-changing technologies so that we can make them Human Medical Products widely available at affordable prices to people who need them.
Pricing, however, is only one of database.
Abbott Issues Safety Notification for FreeStyle Libre Family of Readers in the U.S. the factors that determine affordability.
Abbott also is advocating for systems and approaches   Abbott Trifecta Valves: Potential Risk of Early Structural Valve Deterioration   that broaden access while minimizing additional costs for consumers and payers.
Letter to Health Care Providers In 2022, Abbott s product pricing reflected the company s approach, with an annual global net   Abbott MitraClip Device: Potential for Clip Lock Malfunctions   Letter to Health sales price change of -0.3%, which compares to a Global Consumer Price Index (CPI) of +7.9% Care Providers for 2022.
This metric is modified from the metric provided by SASB by substituting a global   Abbott Medical Recalls Dragonfly OpStar Imaging Catheter for Potential Loose Catheter CPI for the U.S. CPI.
Marker Band That May Cause Patient Harm Sales outside of the U.S. in 2022 comprised approximately 58% of Abbott s revenue.
Abbott   Abbott Molecular, Inc. Recalls Alinity m SARS-CoV-2 AMP Kit and Alinity m Resp-4-Plex believes that disclosing product pricing relative to the Global CPI is an appropriate way for AMP Kit for Potential False Positive SARS-CoV-2 Test Results investors and other stakeholders to best understand pricing for products across our diversified,   Potential for False Positive Results with Abbott Molecular Inc. Alinity m SARS-CoV-2 global businesses.
The global CPI is the total headline CPI for each country weighted by AMP and Alinity m Resp-4-Plex AMP Kits   Letter to Clinical Laboratory Staff and Abbott s geographic revenue exposure.
For more on Abbott pricing, see Abbott s 10-K filing Health Care Providers for 2022.
Abbott (formally known as  St. Jude Medical ) Recalls Assurity and Endurity Pacemakers for Potential Moisture Ingress Causing Electrical Short and Reduced Battery Life   FDA Investigating Increased Rate of Major Adverse Cardiac Events Observed in Patients Receiving Abbott Vascular s Absorb GT1 Bioresorbable Vascular Scaffold (BVS)   Letter to Health Care Providers 128 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD (SASB) INDEX (CONTINUED) METRIC 2022 DISCLOSURE METRIC 2022 DISCLOSURE HC-MS-250a.
3: Number of See the FDA s MedWatch safety alerts for human medical products database.
Product Design and Life Cycle Management fatalities related to products as reported in the FDA HC-MS-410a.
1: Discussion of To identify and mitigate the environmental impacts of our packaging and products Manufacturer and User Facility process to assess and manage throughout their life cycles, our relevant teams must work together.
Our Product Device Experience database.
environmental and human Stewardship, Supply Chain, R&D, Engineering, and EHS groups partner closely to analyze health considerations associated how and what we source.
We continuously monitor the regulatory landscape and any change HC-MS-250a.
4: Number Quality Management, page 68 with chemicals in products and to hazardous chemical requirements.
Our Corporate Product Stewardship organization of FDA enforcement actions meet demand for sustainable holds regular forums for informing all areas of our company about the potential business taken in response to violations FDA Enforcement Action 2021 2022 products.
impacts these changes could have.
Our enhanced regulatory intelligence process helps of current Good Manufacturing Warning letters issued 0 1 ensure potential impacts are identified in a timely manner.
It also follows actions taken at the Practices (cGMP), by type.
business level to confirm we remain compliant.
Seizures 0 0 Our product stewardship program tracks and addresses hazardous chemical legislation and Form 483s 1 7 supports the implementation of conflict mineral due diligence.
We offer product stewardship training to all relevant teams, including R&D, Supply Chain, Procurement, and EHS.
Consent decrees 0 1 HC-MS-410a.
2: Total amount Strengthening the Supply Chain, page 75 2022 FDA Class I and Class II Recalls of products accepted for We look for opportunities to reduce waste going to landfills by collecting our diagnostic takeback and reused, recycled products for recycling, refurbishing, and energy recovery.
In one of our various takeback Business Class I Class II or donated, broken down by programs, we collected and refurbished about 300 instruments and diverted about 240,000 Med Device 1 10 (1) devices and equipment and pounds of product waste from landfill in 2022.
Some of Abbott s takeback programs are driven (2) supplies.
by government regulations; however, others are proactive initiatives.
Diagnostics 0 16 Supply Chain Management Pharmaceutical2 N/A N/A Nutrition 1 4 HC-MS-430a.
1: Percentage Quality Inspections and Audits of (1) entity s facilities and (2) Tier 1 suppliers participating 2021 2022 Ethical Marketing in third-party audit programs Quality/regulatory inspections by global 559 560 HC-MS-270a.
1: Total amount When public disclosure criteria are met, monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings for manufacturing and health authorities of monetary losses as a result of associated with false marketing claims are included in our 2022 Annual Report.
product quality.
legal proceedings associated with % resulting in zero observations 80% 77% false marketing claims.
FDA site inspections 12 22 HC-MS-270a.
2: Description One of the key universal principles related to product promotion is that we may not promote % resulting in zero observations 92% 68% of code of ethics governing or pre-sell a product that has not yet been approved or cleared by the relevant regulatory body promotion of off-label use of for the location or usage in question.
If a healthcare professional asks about uses for Abbott Average number of observations per inspection 0.42 0.64 products.
products that are beyond the scope of approved labeling (sometimes referred to as  off-label  Internal independent audits to help ensure 145 158 uses), the inquiry should be directed to the designated function for such inquiries in each compliance with Abbott quality standards Abbott division, which normally resides in Medical Affairs.
Approximately 78% of applicable Tier 1 suppliers participate in third-party auditing programs.
Suppliers are classified according to risk level of potential impacts; evaluation frequency is determined based on this, ranging between every two (high risk) and four (low risk) years.
HC-MS-430a.
2: Description of Abbott helps ensure product traceability by leveraging tracking technologies and enterprise efforts to maintain traceability resource planning solutions for select materials.
Through these systems, we help ensure within the distribution chain.
compliance with regulatory, quality, and control requirements.
129 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD (SASB) INDEX (CONTINUED) METRIC 2022 DISCLOSURE METRIC 2022 DISCLOSURE HC-MS-430a.
3: Description Supply Chain Management, page 70 Biotechnology & Pharmaceuticals Standard o asf s t oh ce i am tea dn wag ite hm te hn et u o sf e r ois fk cs r itical A mb ob no itt ot r o isp se ur ea st e ts h aa tg a ci on us lt d a i mch pa an cg ti n og u rg oe po ep ro ali tt ii oc na sl a an nd d e thn ovi sr eo n ofm oe un rt sa ul pb pa lc iek rd sr ,o ip n. c W lude i nc go n pt oin liu tia cl aly l Safety of Clinical Trial Participants materials.
instability, acute and chronic weather events, labor shortages, and inadequate capacity HC-BP-210a.
1: Discussion, Abbott follows all applicable regulations in the countries where we conduct clinical studies or investments.
Our Supply Chain Resilience program helps further safeguard our business and by world region, of management register products.
We also follow nationally and internationally accepted standards, such as supply chain against unforeseen events; developing people, processes, and tools for engaging process for ensuring quality the International Council for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals suppliers on identified topics.
and patient safety during for Human Use Good Clinical Practices (ICH GCP), the principles of the Declaration of   Supply critical to Abbott is identified through our Supply Chain Resilience program via clinical trials.
Helsinki, the International Organization for Standardization s ISO 14155, ISO 20916, and other risk and resilience assessments of suppliers and components that are traceable to Abbott s standards.
We train employees and clinical sites on the proper conduct of clinical studies and finished product.
employ both external and internal oversight of studies.
To accelerate recovery following disruptions, we must have an in-depth understanding of our When planning our clinical studies, Abbott identifies and reduces controllable risks to patients.
extended supply network.
We have expanded mapping efforts to include sub-tier supplier Either our Institutional Review Board (IRB) or our Independent Ethics Committee (IEC) data   covering who they are, what they supply, and where from   bringing greater visibility reviews any proposed research prior to commencement to assure patient protections.
The to our supply chain.
informed consent procedures and consent form documents for any clinical study must conform to all relevant legal statutes and governmental regulations.
During the course of a study, patients Further, decisions made early in product development impact later stages.
To safeguard our can report any concerns to the IRB.
We monitor our studies on an ongoing basis to help ensure ability to manufacture and supply products after launch, we ve enhanced collaboration between compliance with Abbott standards and identify any unforeseen risks to patient safety.
our R&D and Supply Chain teams to reduce dependence on individual suppliers or bespoke manufacturing processes.
In addition, we are updating design processes to place a greater focus This includes audits of contract research organizations (CROs) that conduct or manage on product and material life cycle management.
studies on behalf of Abbott.
If Abbott becomes aware of study misconduct, we report it to the appropriate authorities.
No GCP inspections by regulatory agencies of the company or clinical Business Ethics trial investigators led to fines, penalties, warning letters, or product seizures in 2022.
HC-MS-510a.
1: Total amount When public disclosure criteria are met, the total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal Clinical Trial Registrations of monetary losses as a result proceedings associated with bribery or corruption is included in our 2022 Annual Report.
Abbott registers all applicable and/or covered clinical trials, regardless of outcome, in a publicly of legal proceedings associated accessible clinical trials registry, such as ClinicalTrials.gov.
For branded generic pharmaceuticals, with bribery or corruption.
this means that we register interventional clinical studies in patients as designated by national laws and regulations.
For medical devices and diagnostics, this means we register interventional HC-MS-510a.
2: Description We respect the expertise of healthcare professionals, who provide guidance about healthcare clinical studies of health outcomes and pediatric post-marketing surveillance studies, as of code of ethics governing treatment options and healthy living.
Healthcare professionals, such as physicians, pharmacists, designated by national laws and regulations.
interactions with healthcare nurses, researchers, or laboratory staff, must use their independent judgment to decide the Clinical Trial Results Disclosures professionals.
best course of care for their patients based on their training and expertise.
We are committed Abbott is committed to transparency and sharing important information about the clinical to working with healthcare professionals to provide them with timely and accurate information trials we sponsor.
We recognize that there are important public health benefits to making clinical to assist them in making decisions and providing advice to their patients.
We can achieve our trial information available to healthcare providers, patients, and the public.
Our registrations mission of supporting health only through a truly collaborative approach.
and results disclosures adhere to all applicable national laws and regulations in countries where We want to build a culture of integrity and compliance, engaging every employee in upholding we operate.
ethical behaviors.
Our global online Legal and Ethical Resource Network (LERN) training Abbott discloses the results of all applicable or covered clinical trials as described above, program is run in 93 countries and 32 languages.
It informs employees of all aspects of our Code regardless of outcome, in a publicly accessible clinical trials results database, such as of Business Conduct, with practical guidance on recognizing and responding to legal and ethical ClinicalTrials.gov.
We also report the results of any exploratory pharmaceutical clinical studies if issues, with a key focus on interactions with healthcare professionals.
the findings have significant medical importance, such as with important safety findings.
Activity Metric Clinical Trial Data Sharing The regulatory environment around sharing clinical trial data for research purposes is evolving.
HC-MS-000.
A: Number of Not disclosed.
We continually engage with stakeholders  different approaches for sharing clinical trial data with units sold by product category.
scientific and medical researchers to advance medical science, while protecting confidential information.
130 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD (SASB) INDEX (CONTINUED) METRIC 2022 DISCLOSURE METRIC 2022 DISCLOSURE HC-BP-210a.
1: Discussion, by The 3Rs of Animal Research Employee Recruitment, Development, and Retention world region, of management We re working to minimize animal use in research and maintain high humane care standards process for ensuring quality and while meeting regulatory requirements.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and HC-BP-330a.
1: Discussion Talent management is overseen by our Executive Vice President, Human Resources   who patient safety during clinical other regulators require animal safety and efficacy data for many products, and we have an of talent recruitment and reports directly to our Chairman and CEO   and corporate officers, all of whom carry human trials.
(continued) ethical obligation to explore potential health benefits and risks before patient use.
Where feasible, retention efforts for scientists capital goals.
we re eliminating the need for animal models, following the 3Rs to adopting alternatives: and research and development We engage organizations such as Advancing Minorities  Interest in Engineering (AMIE) and the   Replace animal testing requirements through non-animal research methods personnel.
Society of Women Engineers to identify diverse talent.
Partnerships with academic institutions   Reduce the number of animals used to the minimum necessary for valid results like Howard University and North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University also   Refine experimental procedures to avoid or minimize pain and distress support our future employee pipeline.
Our laboratory animal research programs and facilities meet or exceed relevant animal welfare We have a presence at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign Research Park, giving regulations in countries where we operate.
When human clinical studies commence, we align us access to a competitive and diverse pool of talented students to consider for internship with all relevant laws and regulations.
opportunities.
Our career site employs artificial intelligence to enhance the application process, streamlining user experiences with tailored content and a personalized chatbot to help identify HC-BP-210a.
2: Number of Not disclosed.
roles.
In 2022, Abbott hired 21,820 new employees.
We strive to increase the number of FDA Sponsor Inspections women in our leadership ranks and across our many STEM roles.
The annual Society of related to clinical trial Women Engineers conference offers an opportunity to connect with the brightest female management and minds in the industry.
pharmacovigilance that resulted As well as supporting those who already work for Abbott, we want to give the next generation in: (1) Voluntary Action opportunities to get a foot on the industry ladder.
Through our STEM internship program, we Indicated (VAI) and (2) Official offer high school students   particularly female and minority applicants   an opportunity to Action Indicated (OAI).
kick-start a career in healthcare.
HC-BP-21a.
3: Total amount When public disclosure criteria are met, monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings HC-BP-330a.
2: (1) Voluntary Appendix, Key Social Metrics, page 96 of monetary losses as a result associated with clinical trials are included in our 2022 Annual Report.
and (2) involuntary turnover of legal proceedings associated rate for (a) executives/ with clinical trials in developing senior managers, (b) midlevel countries.
managers, (c) professionals and Access to Medicines (d) all others.
HC-BP-240a.
1: Description Equitable access to healthcare is a priority for Abbott.
We work globally across more than Processed Foods Standard of actions and initiatives to 160 countries, many of which are priority countries, to promote access to healthcare.
This Energy Management promote access to healthcare includes some priority diseases.
products for priority diseases FB-PF-130a.
1: (1) Total energy The total energy consumption (Scope 1 and 2) in 2022 was approximately 14,195,000 and in priority countries as consumed, (2) percentage gigajoules.
The total electricity purchased was about 4,530,000 gigajoules.
Abbott s total defined by the Access to grid electricity and energy consumption that is sourced from the grid totals to about 27%.
Medicine Index.
(3) percentage renewable.
Appendix, Key Environmental Metrics   Energy and Emissions, page 101 Ethical Marketing Water Management HC-BP-270a.
1: Total amount See HC-MS-270a.
1.
FB-PF-140a.
1: (1) Total water Total water withdrawn: about 13,793 megaliters; in 2022, approximately 43% of water of monetary losses as a result of withdrawn and (2) total water was withdrawn from regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress.
legal proceedings associated with false marketing claims.
consumed, percentage of each Total water consumption: about 2,351 megaliters; in 2022, approximately 47% of water in regions with high or extremely was consumed from regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress.
HC-BP-270a.
2: Description See HC-MS-270a.
2.
high baseline water stress.
Appendix, Key Environmental Metrics   Water, page 109 of code of ethics governing promotion of off-label use of Environment, Protecting Water Resources, page 56 products.
131 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD (SASB) INDEX (CONTINUED) METRIC 2022 DISCLOSURE METRIC 2022 DISCLOSURE FB-PF-140a.
2: Number of In 2022, eight of the 11 NOVs Abbott received were related to 2021 wastewater discharges FB-PF-410a.
2: Discussion Recognizing the impact our packaging can have on the environment, we re designing for incidents of noncompliance from one of our manufacturing plants.
To address the issue, Abbott has a comprehensive action of strategies to reduce the recyclability, efficiency, and increasingly positive impact.
Our Sustainable Packaging Council associated with water quantity plan in place and is expediting long-term sustainable controls.
environmental impact of has designed a database for reporting predicted progress against division projections for and/or quality permits, standards Appendix, Environmental, health, and safety (EHS) fines, notices, and inspections, page 118 packaging throughout its packaging projects.
These next-decade figures guide Abbott functions as they collaborate to and regulations.
life cycle.
design and manufacture packaging with environmental sustainability as a priority.
Our 2030 commitment is to address 50 million pounds of packaging through high-impact sustainable FB-PF-140a.
3: Description of No inherent water-related risks with the potential to have a substantive strategic impact on the design programs that employ circularity principles.
Sustainable Packaging Guiding Principles water management risks and business have been identified.
inform existing packaging upgrades and target new, more sustainable designs.
discussion of strategies and To address water-related risks and help ensure our business s resilience, Abbott s Business practices to mitigate those risks.
Continuity and Crisis Management, EHS, Engineering, and Supply Chain organizations work to Our Guiding Principles implement measures that allow us to help ensure business continuity and minimize the impacts Optimize Material Efficiency from physical water-related risks.
Likewise, a core part of Abbott s business strategy includes reducing our water footprint in our operations and engaging our value chain in strategic sourcing Eliminate unnecessary components Reduce packaging materials categories.
Employ Circularity Principles Packaging Lifecycle Management Replace Design for Design for Design for Utilize Integrate FB-PF-410a.
1: (1) Total weight Abbott is committed to packaging optimization through sustainable design.
In order to better problematic disassembly recyclability reuse renewable recycled of packaging, (2) percentage understand opportunities for more sustainable packaging, teams in our Nutrition business unit materials materials content made from recycled and/or conducted an analysis of their packaging portfolio to establish a baseline.
In 2022, it is estimated renewable materials and (3) that our Abbott Nutrition business utilized about 123,000 metric tons of material to place Balance All Aspects of Packaging Systems Holistically percentage that is recyclable, approximately 3.4 billion packages on market, made 21% of packaging from recycled content reusable and/or compostable.
and/or renewed materials, and estimated that 80% of its packaging is recyclable, reusable, and/ Optimize cube efficiency Provide consumer direction Improve carbon footprint or compostable.
1 Global CPI is calculated using the total headline CPI for each country weighted by Abbott s geographic revenue exposure.
CPI values are gathered by Abbott Economics from S&P Global, which sources data from each country s respective statistical agency or reporting institution.
Revenue data for weighting are consistent with the net sales price change as reported in Abbott s annual 10-K filing.
2 Abbott does not distribute pharmaceutical products in the U.S. 132 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES (TCFD) INDEX MANAGING RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES The EHS Governance team monitors emerging Our Engineering and EHS policies and climate-related trends and regulations to analyze management standards consider chronic physical We are committed to identifying and reducing potential impacts and risk exposure, and develop risks, such as water scarcity, and require sites to climate-related risks that may have the appropriate management strategies.
We use conduct regular risk and opportunity evaluations potential to impact our operations, supply chain, scenario-sensitivity risk modeling to understand and implement mitigation strategies.
and distribution network.
We maintain an the implications of climate-related risks.
Abbott s identification process for opportunities to address Business Continuity and Crisis Management Abbott is a global organization with 88 emerging climate change-related healthcare needs organizations implement measures to help ensure manufacturing facilities in more than 25 and increase operating efficiencies by reducing business continuity and attempt to minimize countries, a diverse geographical supply chain climate-related impacts.
We have determined that the impacts of physical climate-related risks.
and distribution network, and site-level business climate-related risks and opportunities exist for These physical risks fall into two categories: continuity planning.
These factors lessen the Abbott at site and regional levels but are limited at acute and chronic.
potential for a material business impact from a global scale.
climate-related physical risks, such as effects of Acute physical risks associated with climate severity of weather.
change include unforeseen extreme weather events RISKS for which we cannot develop preventive strategies.
Climate-related risks include transition risks that We analyze physical and transitional risks resulting We have developed strategies for mitigating and relate to emerging expectations and regulations from emerging regulations, and assess and manage responding to them across our supply chain.
Our around GHG emission management.
These include them through our risk management processes, Business Continuity and Crisis Management carbon limits and taxes, enhanced reporting which identify opportunities to build resilience in organization works with our EHS, Engineering, obligations, costs to transition to lower-emissions both our operations and our business model.
We and Supply Chain groups to strengthen business technologies, and increased costs of goods and regularly update risk management, standards, and resiliency against weather events and other forms services.
We have identified the need to manage programs to align with global best practices and of extreme disruption.
During the COVID-19 and reduce environmental impacts as a potential regulatory requirements, and aim to anticipate pandemic and strict travel restrictions, our enterprise risk.
In response to this, our business emerging risks and upcoming regulatory changes.
processes enabled us to quickly produce millions strategy includes reducing operational energy and of COVID-19 tests while continuing to provide our carbon footprint, and engaging our value chain in other essential products to people globally.
strategic sourcing categories.
133 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES (TCFD) INDEX (CONTINUED) OPPORTUNITIES Our 2030 Sustainability Plan commits us to respond to increased humanitarian needs due to As part of our product research and development severe weather events, new disease threats, and (R&D) and climate risk management processes, changes in the spread of disease.
We will do so in we consider climate change-related opportunities.
line with our priority of innovating for access and These fall into two main categories: affordability, which characterized our company s   Increased operating efficiencies through response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
We will achieving carbon reduction targets continue to respond to humanitarian needs in line   The opportunity to advance our mission to help with our caring value and primarily through our people live their best lives by meeting changing philanthropic organization and product donations.
healthcare and nutrition needs Although opportunities exist and are incorporated into our 2030 Sustainability Plan, they are unlikely to have a substantive impact on our business.
134 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES (TCFD) INDEX (CONTINUED) DISCLOSURE 2022 RESPONSE DISCLOSURE 2022 RESPONSE Governance Risk Management a) Describe the Board s Abbott is committed to strong corporate governance that aligns with stakeholder interests.
Our a) Describe the organization s Abbott is committed to reducing climate-related risks that may have the potential to impact our oversight of climate-related risks Board of Directors has an integral role in leading our sustainability activities.
For more details process for identifying and operations, supply chain, and distribution network.
These include potential physical risks, as well and opportunities.
on its oversight of climate risks and opportunities, see page 51 of the Environment section and assessing climate-related risks.
as emerging transition risks.
We have various risk management processes, which assess climate- Abbott s CDP Climate Change 2022 Response: CDP C 1.1b.
* related risks across the organization to help ensure risks to our businesses and operations are minimized.
For more details on our process for identifying and assessing risks, see CDP C2.1a, b) Describe management s role Abbott s commitment to sustainable business starts at the top and is integrated across our C2.1b, C2.2 and C2.2a.
* in assessing/managing climate- organization.
The management team leads our sustainability activities alongside the Board.
See related risks and opportunities.
page 80 of the Governance section and CDP C1.2, C1.2a, C1.3, C1.3a* for more information.
b) Describe the organization s Abbott has a process for managing the potential physical and transition risks identified in our processes for managing climate- assessment process.
We have several tools, committees, and organizations that identify and Strategy related risks.
manage these risks.
See CDP C2.1a, C2.1b and C2.2* for more details.
a) Describe the climate-related Abbott is a global organization with 88 manufacturing facilities in more than 25 countries, a c) Describe how processes Climate risks are embedded into our risk assessment and management process and play a risks and opportunities the diverse geographical supply chain and distribution network, and site-level business continuity for identifying, assessing, and critical role in our business strategy and continuity planning.
For more details on how climate is organization has identified planning.
These factors lessen the potential for a material business impact from climate-related managing climate-related integrated into our overall risk management, see CDP C2.1a, C2.1b and C2.2.
* over the short, medium, and physical risks, such as effects of severity of weather.
risks are integrated into the long term.
For more information, see CDP C2.1a, C2.1b, C2.2, C2.2a, C2.3b and C2.4b.
* organization s overall risk management.
b) Describe the impact We factor climate-related risks and opportunities into our financial planning and business of climate-related risks strategy, including in our products and services, supply chain, investments in R&D, and Metrics and Targets and opportunities on the operations.
For more information on these impacts, see CDP C3.1, C3.2a, C3.3, and C3.4.
* organization s businesses, a) Disclose the metrics used We track a number of climate-related metrics, in addition to our Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions for strategy, and financial planning.
by the organization to assess our carbon footprint.
For these metrics, see CDP C4.2b and C9.1,* page 53 of the Energy and climate-related risks and Emissions section, and page 98 of the Appendix.
c) Describe the resilience of the To calculate the implications of emerging climate-related trends and regulations, Abbott s EHS opportunities in line with organization s strategy, taking and Economics organizations undertake scenario sensitivity risk-modeling analyses on potential its strategy and risk into consideration different and emerging environmental risks.
management process.
c i ln oli wcm l eua rdt sie n c- g er ne al a a 2 rt ie d od e .
gs rc ee en Car i oo rs , R c agae r rc b ice o un n lt t t ua a rn x ea e sl sy u,s pte h ps e l yh f a cinv he a a n ic nco sin a .
ls F i id m oe rp r me licd oa rt t eh i oe inn n fs oa o rt f mio wn aa ta t il oe c nrl i sm oc naa r tt c he i ett sya e,r g a se n ct d es n ca alr i rmi is oi an st g ae nf cr dho tm a hn egC e rO e i smP ilip2 ea1 nc, c tp eso ott oe f ntial b a gn) r edD e, ni is f hc a olo p us p se r e oS gpc aro i sap (te Ge ,1 H , S S Gcc o )o p p ee 3 2 U a Fn on d rd t3e h r e e o m su ei r s m s2 i eo0 tn3 rs i0 c. T s S o au nts r dt a a rci en k l a at tb h ei el di st ey ri, s P w kl sea , n d s, ei sw ece l Co h s Da ev Poe u Cs re 6ct .
an 1r ,e b Cw o 6n t .
a f 3r o g aoe ntt p ds r Ct ino 6t r .
fe 5od ,r *u a pc ll ae t g o h eu r 5er e 3a b s ocs fo o tl p hu et ese E aS nnc eno rup gae yll y1 a, .
n 2 d, Abbott s climate strategy, see CDP C3.2, C3.2a, and C4.1.
* emissions and the related risks.
Emissions section, and page 98 of the Appendix.
c) Describe the targets used We have set several targets to track our performance and assess and manage our risks and by the organization to manage opportunities, including for Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions.
See page 53 of the Energy and climate-related risks and Emissions section and page 98 of the Appendix for more information.
opportunities and performance against targets.
* CDP responses reflect 2021 reporting year.
135 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS (SDG) INDEX In a bid to drive global impact, we work to align our priorities, material issues, and actions with the United Nations SDGs.
NO POVERTY End poverty in all its forms everywhere Target Beyond Disaster Relief to Disaster Resilience For 16 years, we have partnered with Feeding America and 1.1/1.4/1.5 Direct Relief to prepare communities in New Orleans, Dallas, Orlando, and Puerto Rico for the hurricane season.
In 2021, we implemented a disaster resilience strategy that Why It Matters incorporated grants aimed at helping mitigate impacts on these four communities.
In the first full year, following Hurricanes We are committed to developing accessible, affordable products.
Fiona and Ian in Puerto Rico and Florida, our strategy proved Even as we invest in innovation, we seek solutions that prevent successful as critical operations and systems remained costs being passed to customers.
At the same time, we are using functional, staff were trained and equipped to respond, and our our scale to support global communities in rebuilding following pre-positioned product was distributed immediately.
natural disasters and other emergencies.
Tanzania Bantu Dairy Cow Program Initiated in 2013, the dairy cow program in Bantu village, 2030 Abbott Goal Tanzania, was designed to provide families in need one cow, with the expectation that they were to give the first calf born   Make access and affordability core to new product innovation.
to another family.
The program has impacted over 60 families in the last year alone, not only providing nutrition for the family but also generating revenue.
In 2021, the Abbott Fund Progress and 2022 Stories supported the establishment of a milk collection center that has provided an accessible and reliable market for approximately Self Employed Women s Association (SEWA) 118 farmers, with revenue of about $142,800 in 2022.
Through our five-year partnership with SEWA in India, we have advanced access to quality and affordable care for low-income See page 33 for more information.
communities and helped rebuild their livelihoods.
We are strengthening communities  resilience and empowering them with the resources they need to live healthier, fuller lives.
113366 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX ZERO HUNGER End hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition, and promote sustainable agriculture Target Child Hunger: The Global FoodBanking Network, Feeding America, and Northern Illinois Food Bank Programs 2.1/2.2 Abbott Fund-supported Child Hunger programs are serving populations across the globe where the prevalence of food insecurity is high and persistent.
In 2022, with food systems Why It Matters facing significant pressure due to high rates of food insecurity, production, and supply chain challenges, these programs provided At Abbott, we are committed to developing initiatives and approximately 57,000 children and their families with access to healthcare solutions that support food security and improved nutritious foods.
This support was especially crucial for families as nutrition for people globally.
the cost of included staple items such as tuna, milk, fruit, lentils, and beans continued to increase.
Our partners include The Global FoodBanking Network, Feeding America, and Northern Illinois 2030 Abbott Goal Food Bank.
Transform care for chronic disease, malnutrition, and Advancing Pediatric Nutrition in Vietnam infectious diseases.
Since 2006, we have helped improve the health and nutritional status of school children in rural provinces of Vietnam.
Our efforts include providing nutritious meals and supplements, Progress and 2022 Stories food for the families, and nutrition education for caretakers.
In 2022, we supported 2,392 school-age children through the Healthy Food Rx program, achieving a 25% decrease in underweight in half of the Healthy Food Rx is a food prescription program designed to participating schools.
improve health outcomes for people with diabetes.
Launched in 2021 in Stockton, California, the program is part of the Abbott Nutritious Food for Children in Rwanda Fund s Future Well Communities.
Six-month results showed a Through our partnership with the Women s Bakery, we significant decrease in A1Cs among patients with uncontrolled provided daily servings of nutritious, locally produced bread to diabetes, and a significant decrease in food insecurity.
Phase II of 4,638 children at six schools in Gicumbi, Ruyenzi, and Kigali, the study began in April 2022 to measure the program s impact Rwanda.
This program also provides employment and economic after 12 months of intervention.
opportunity for the community, with a focus on women.
See page 09 for more information.
113377 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX GOOD HEALTH AND WELL-BEING Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages Target troubleshooting, the patient survival rate in the PICU increased Advancing Education and Health Equity from 25% to 70%, resulting in more than 600 lives saved since Through the Abbott Fund, we delivered year one of a three-year 3.2/3.4/3.8 the beginning of the program.
In addition, we provided direct partnership with Easterseals to pilot the Project on Education and funding for much-needed equipment and donated pediatric Community Health Equity.
The project aims to address barriers nutritional products to support the 12 PICU beds and help to quality education and healthcare experienced by children Why It Matters ensure the youngest patients have the best chance for survival.
and families in under-invested communities.
It will create an integrated system that helps children be kindergarten-ready, by Rural Healthcare in India Abbott is dedicated to improving people s health at all ages focusing on: We have worked with NGO Americares to support the Indian and stages of life.
Health and well-being are at the center of government s rural care program, including providing a grant of   Expanding access to essential physical and mental health everything we do each day to tackle the world s most pressing approximately $2.4 million for upgrading Primary Health Centers screenings and care for children health problems.
(PHCs) to Health & Wellness Centers across nine states.
We   Providing targeted social services to help families overcome are also training PHC staff and community health workers, and gaps in basic needs, nutrition, transportation, and other social educating communities on communicable and noncommunicable and economic barriers 2030 Abbott Goals diseases.
To date, upgrades have been completed at 16 PHCs of   Ensuring early childhood administrators and educators have   Improve the lives of 3 billion people each year   reaching 75 total, with the remaining 59 scheduled to be completed by the right training to identify and address health and social 1 billion more per year than in 2020.
early 2024.
challenges and provide culturally appropriate support   Make access and affordability core to new product Coalition for Global Hepatitis Elimination See page 09 for more information.
innovation.
Abbott is a founding member of the Coalition for Global Hepatitis Elimination, a program that aims to help scale hepatitis   Transform care for chronic disease, malnutrition, and C testing to meet global elimination goals.
In Ghana, the program infectious diseases.
has contributed to the development of the country s first   Advance health equity through partnership.
hepatitis C test and treatment program.
Community-University Health Care Center Progress and 2022 Stories Abbott Fund partner the University of Minnesota Community- University Health Care Center (CUHCC) worked to reduce Tanzania PICU mortality from noncommunicable diseases through prevention At Tanzania s Muhimbili National Hospital, the Abbott Fund and treatment services.
In 2022, CUHCC provided support to initiated and supported a partnership with Emory University over 3,800 people and made a 5% improvement in the number to provide tailored direct mentorship to the newly established of patients with controlled hypertension, while at the same Pediatric Intensive Care Unit (PICU).
Through in-person and time decreasing the percentage of patients whose diabetes was virtual healthcare worker training, protocol development, and uncontrolled by about 7%.
CUHCC also supported more than 1,800 Afghan refugees to establish primary care.
138 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX QUALITY EDUCATION Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all Target Along with co-partners Microsoft and Raytheon, we provided guest lectures, offered mentorships, and educated faculty on the 4.1/4.3/4.4/4.5 future need for more cybersecurity professionals.
We also funded two customized intern experiences during summer 2022.
Over the coming years, this internship program will be expanded to Why It Matters include more HBCUs and colleges for women.
New ideas arise from diverse experiences and points of view.
To Future Well Communities achieve our ambitions, we re actively shaping our organization for To address the diabetes epidemic in Stockton, California, we are the future by prioritizing diversity and inclusion, advancing STEM partnering with University of the Pacific to create certificate education, and empowering our teams with skills to meet the and degree programs in diabetes management, provide health needs of tomorrow.
scholarships, and secure employment in Stockton for at least 80% of graduating scholars three months post-graduation.
In 2022, among the 10 scholars that graduated in 2021, nine were 2030 Abbott Goal employed locally, 10 scholars graduated, and 15 new scholarships were awarded.
Since 2019, scholarships have been awarded to   Create opportunities in Abbott s STEM programs and 35 students pursuing social work and nursing degrees with a internships for more than 100,000 young people, including subspecialty in diabetes management.
50% from underrepresented groups.
Tanzania Bantu Primary School From 2008 through 2014, the Abbott Fund built and expanded Progress and 2022 Stories upon the primary school in Bantu village, Tanzania.
It currently serves more than 400 students annually.
Of the children that Abbott High School STEM Internship graduate, 86% go on to attend secondary school.
We offer a STEM internship for high school students   Tanzania National Children s Home particularly for underrepresented students.
In 2022, we The Abbott Fund supported the construction of Tanzania s expanded the program to Saudi Arabia, Costa Rica, India, and National Children s Home to improve security, education, and Canada.
During the year, we also launched an apprenticeship supervision, including staff housing on-site and to provide safe for up to six young people to help them gain the skills needed spaces for play, agricultural programs, and sports.
Currently, the for a role in the skilled trades.
Children s Home serves about 80 children and extended services AMIE to the community in the daycare program and health clinic.
In partnership with Advancing Minorities  Interest in Engineering (AMIE), we launched an initiative to diversify our workforce by building curriculum capacity in engineering schools, focusing on Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs).
139 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX GENDER EQUALITY Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls Target High School STEM Internship Program We launched our High School STEM Internship Program in 5.1 2012.
Since then, approximately 50% of all the high school students who have gone through the program have been hired into full-time positions at Abbott.
Of that 50% that were hired, Why It Matters 77% were female.
Promoting diversity and inclusion is part of how we lead, what we Reskilling and Apprenticeship believe in, and who we always strive to be.
We want to create an Through our many programs and resources, we provide environment that nurtures everyone, regardless of race, gender, opportunities for individual growth and development, helping age, sexual orientation, disability, or nationality.
employees build great long-term careers at Abbott.
That includes supporting employees who want to learn new career skills.
For example, Abbott Ireland recently launched the 2030 Abbott Goals Future Female Engineer program, partnering with Atlantic Technological University to pursue degrees in Mechatronic   Achieve gender balance across our global management team Systems.
This program is designed to develop existing female with at least 45% female representation.
employees, typically operators, who do not have a third-level   Achieve gender balance in STEM roles with at least 45% technical qualification but are interested in pursuing a career in female representation.
engineering.
In 2022, we launched a multi-year U.S. skilled- trades apprenticeship program.
Apprentices have flexible working hours and study time at nearby community colleges.
They are Progress and 2022 Stories also able to participate in the program while working their full- time job.
Abbott s goal is to support apprentices throughout their Workforce Gender Representation education while preparing them for long-term careers with us.
Taking targeted actions, we have increased gender representation in our workforce.
Today: See page 43 for more information.
45% of our workforce is female   41% of management positions are filled by women   42% of Board members are female Self Employed Women s Association (SEWA) By training SEWA women in India from low-income communities to serve as community health workers, we are not only building health empowerment and livelihoods but are also helping women achieve self-reliance.
See page 142 for more information.
140 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX CLEAN WATER AND SANITATION Ensure availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all Target   Good water governance Antimicrobial Resistance   Sustainable water balance As part of our global Sustainability Plan, we work each year 6.2/6.3/6.4/6.
B   Good water quality status to identify where the water we use comes from, how it s   Important water-related areas treated and discharged, and the impact our operations have   Safe water, sanitation, and hygiene (WASH) on local environment.
Why It Matters Following these two certification successes in 2022, tools and Abbott s branded generic medicines business assesses suppliers As global temperatures increase, so too does the scarcity of lessons learned were shared in our communities of practice, in at-risk regions that handle and/or manufacture chemicals clean, safe water.
Abbott recognizes the key role water plays in helping us remain on track with our roadmap to increase the of environmental concern and active pharmaceutical sustaining life, human health, economic growth, and ecosystems.
number of sites certified.
More information can be found ingredients (APIs).
We have added a specific clause on It s also essential to our business continuity and manufacturing starting on page 57.
Antimicrobial Resistance (AMR) with manufacturing operations and plays a critical role in the use of many of our suppliers partnering with our medicines business.
Since it Driving Water Management Standards products.
That is why we work diligently to protect water sources.
was first introduced in 2021, the AMR clause is now part Thirteen manufacturing sites were identified as being in of our medicines business s template contract and is being water-stressed areas but not classified as high water impact.
implemented with our contract manufacturing suppliers.
We have engaged these sites via our community of practice, 2030 Abbott Goals The clause asks suppliers to implement liquid and solid waste and all non-high-water-impact manufacturing sites in water- management practices and antimicrobial discharge limits and stressed areas completed efforts to implement Phase 1 of the   Achieve water stewardship certification at all high-water- provide discharge level information upon request.
accredited water stewardship management practices.
The first impact manufacturing sites in water-stressed areas.
phase focuses on understanding water management within the SMILE Foundation in India   Implement accredited water stewardship management internal boundaries of the facility.
In partnership with Smile Foundation in India, we are supporting practices in more than 75% of all manufacturing sites 4,600 children from low-income communities   46% of operating in water-stressed areas.
Site Upgrades to Optimize Water Use whom are girls   in STEM, health education, and sports.
In 2022, we initiated 25 reduction impact projects resulting   Work with 50 key suppliers in high water-stressed areas Health education covers noncommunicable diseases, menstrual in annualized water savings of about 6,800 megaliters with to reduce water quality and quantity risks to Abbott and hygiene, and WASH (Water, Sanitation, and Hygiene).
annualized cost savings of almost $1.2 million.
Some of these the community.
projects include recovering reject water from reverse osmosis Project WET units, collecting and using graywater for non-potable water Building on efforts across our sites, we also work with local Progress and 2022 Stories purposes, and replacing turf with drought-resistant plants at communities to help conserve water.
In the U.S. state of one of our water-stressed locations.
See page 56 for more Arizona, we re helping to create a culture of water conservation Certified Water Stewards details of these initiatives.
in local communities near our nutrition plant in Casa Grande.
Abbott Granada in Spain and Abbott Temecula in the U.S. are Working with Project WET and with support from the Abbott Our Water Footprint Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) Core Certified Sites.
Fund, Abbott experts share best practices in saving water with Wherever we use and discharge water, we work to minimize the For more information visit aws.org/certification.
local small businesses, homeowners, and schools, and expand impact we have on the quality and quantity of local sources.
education programs for students.
They also provide professional Certification to the AWS Standard aims to drive social, cultural, Within our operations, we use a context-based approach to development that evolves teachers  instructional practice environmental, and economic benefits at site and catchment water management, annually assessing for resilience, using WRI and water-related content through STEM integration, levels.
Certification is an achievement that would indicate site Aqueduct    a global water-risk mapping tool   to analyze student-directed learning, and educational events.
In 2022, commitment to: local water stress and evaluate against our internal water use more than 2,700 educators, students, and families benefited intensity.
More information can be found starting on page 56 from these programs.
and in GRI 303 on page 123.
141 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH Promote sustained, inclusive, and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment, and decent work for all Target Progress and 2022 Stories 8.3/8.5/8.6 Leading With Impact We recognize the vital role front-line managers play in building a supportive, inclusive, and rewarding work environment.
In 2021, Why It Matters Abbott launched a comprehensive leadership training program called Leading With Impact (LWI) for people managers worldwide.
Sustainable business success lies in attracting talented people LWI provides 12 weeks of self-paced, virtually delivered, who share our vision and values.
To retain them, we must show we immediately applicable coaching and training.
In 2022, we care   by nurturing career development and safeguarding their reinforced the behaviors learned in the program through topical health, safety, and well-being.
peer pods, an interactive coaching workbook, leader podcasts, and more.
By the end of 2022, approximately 96% of people managers had participated.
Through the program, they gained 2030 Abbott Goals new skills, tools, and perspectives to help them create a more supportive, inclusive, and rewarding environment for their teams.
Provide 1 million development and job opportunities for current and future employees.
Self Employed Women s Association (SEWA) In partnership with SEWA in India, we trained 400 women   Ensure one-third of our leadership roles are held by people from low-income communities as community health workers, from underrepresented groups by 2025.
which helps them earn monthly incomes.
We also supported   Create opportunities in Abbott s STEM programs and 1,600 women and their families with other livelihood earning internships for more than 100,000 young people, including opportunities, including sale of their products, produce, and 50% from underrepresented groups.
food supplies.
Ensure an inclusive environment by increasing spending Tanzania Bantu Village with diverse and small businesses 50% by 2030, and The Bantu village community in Tanzania is supported with a Black- and women-owned businesses 150% by 2025, from dairy cow program, which provides an opportunity for self- a 2020 baseline.
employment for approximately 118 farmers through the creation   Achieve gender balance in STEM roles with at least 45% of an agricultural ecosystem boosting both farming and livestock female representation.
economic productivity.
Supporting Diverse Healthcare Supply Chains We are committed to partnering with organizations globally to advance diverse supplier development.
For example, in the U.S., we established an initiative with the Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) to promote robust diverse healthcare supply chains.
See page 20 for more information.
142 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX RESPONSIBLE CONSUMPTION AND PRODUCTION Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns Target Progress and 2022 Stories 12.5 Reducing Packaging Impact Abbott s Rapid Diagnostics business launched the BinaxNOW home-use COVID-19 test kit in December 2020.
Its Why It Matters packaging has since been optimized to address an annualized 26.7 million pounds by: Each stage of a product s life cycle has potential impacts   Consolidating two information sheets into one for human and planetary health.
We are concerned about waste management beyond the manufacturing phase and   Eliminating an unnecessary high-impact-polystyrene tray are committed to helping mitigate impacts at each point of a   Resizing the paperboard carton and corrugated case product s journey.
See page 21 for more information.
Waste Diversion With Inbound Material Suppliers 2030 Abbott Goals Throughout 2022, we initiated engagements with five key suppliers to reduce the environmental impacts of inbound   Address 50 million pounds of packaging through high- materials, discussing mutually beneficial opportunities to impact sustainable design programs that: employ circularity prevent them becoming waste.
To support these discussions, we principles through smart design and material selection; developed standardized supplier-facing information for cross- eliminate and reduce materials; improve the energy business supplier relationship manager use.
efficiency of Abbott s products; optimize packaging, pallet, We ve initiated engagements with suppliers in our efforts to and truckload efficiency.
lower the impact of packaging as part of our circular economy   Reduce waste impacts using a circular economy approach, approach.
In Australia, as part of our Organic Pediasure rollout, to achieve and maintain at least a 90% waste diversion rate.
our shipper supplier has moved from 12-can shippers to 6-can   Engage with key suppliers to reduce the environmental shippers.
The transition eliminates the need for packaging impact of materials sent to Abbott that become waste rework, reducing the amount of wasted corrugate material.
in our operations and develop and track supplier waste- Reducing Operational Waste diversion initiatives.
In 2022, over 20 projects were initiated to reduce operational waste.
These projects resulted in almost 1,100 metric tons of annualized waste savings and over $3.3 million in annual cost savings.
Some of these initiatives include composting and identifying beneficial uses for materials that otherwise would have been disposed.
More information can be found starting on page 59 in the Environment section.
114433 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX CLIMATE ACTION Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts Target Progress and 2022 Stories 13.2 Electric Vehicles In the U.K., we are in the process of converting our vehicle fleet to electric, targeting 100% conversion.
To date, we have replaced Why It Matters about 34% of the U.K. fleet with electric vehicles, with a plan to transition the remainder of the U.K. fleet in the coming years.
We are committed to safeguarding a healthier planet for Scope 3 Target everyone.
One way we do this is by reducing our emissions, As of 2022 year end, approximately 30% of our suppliers by finding more efficient ways to use energy, and limiting reliance emissions covering purchased goods and services and upstream on fossil fuels.
transportation and distribution have SBTi approved science- based targets, with about an additional 14% committing through the SBTi to adopt science-based targets.
2030 Abbott Goals More information is available on page 77 in the Supply   Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions by 30% Chain section.
from 2018 baseline by the end of 2030, consistent with the objectives of the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).
A More Energy-Efficient Global Operation In 2022, we initiated 80 projects resulting in approximately   Abbott commits that 82% of its suppliers by emissions 27 million kWh annual energy savings and approximately covering purchased goods and services and upstream transportation and distribution will have science-based 7,000 metric tons CO2e emissions reduced annually.
These projects also saved about an annualized $2.9 million.
Some targets by 2026.
initiatives completed include installing a heat recovery and pump system, replacing the motors of the air handling units with more energy-efficient motors, and funding additional on-site renewable energy installations.
In 2022, we found opportunities to reduce our emission impact beyond energy reduction, including implementing a process change to switch to a lower global warming potential (GWP) material.
We also build for sustainability, with environmental protection front of mind during design and construction stages.
For example, the new Abbott facility under construction in Kilkenny, Ireland, will incorporate key sustainable design features including implementing energy efficiency, green building concepts, and effective waste management throughout the construction and operational phases.
More details of these initiatives are in the Energy and Emissions section of the report starting on page 53.
114444 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 ABOUT ACCESS AND AFFORDABILITY DATA WORKFORCE ENVIRONMENT QUALITY MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN GOVERNANCE APPENDIX PARTNERSHIPS FOR THE GOALS Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the Global Partnership for Sustainable Development Target Abbott Pandemic Defense Coalition American Diabetes Association: Health Equity Now We launched the Abbott Pandemic Defense Coalition The goal of our three-year, $5 million effort with the American 17.6 / 17.17 (APDC) in 2021 to support identification and management Diabetes Association is to reduce health inequities by removing of emerging health threats and future pandemics.
Today, we barriers to tools and technology for diabetes management have APDC partners in more than 20 countries.
During 2022, regardless of income level or insurance status.
The pilot seeks to Why It Matters representatives from the Coalition were invited to a meeting at better understand and address the healthcare disparities for Black the White House to discuss the issue of mpox (formerly known people living with diabetes.
Focusing initial efforts in Columbus, Collaboration is key to mitigating shared impacts.
We work as monkeypox), and how Abbott could support in expediting test Ohio, we are helping by sponsoring campaigns to enhance side by side with those we serve, governments, and other production to monitor the spread.
awareness, access to, and adoption of these tools.
stakeholders to address health disparities and barriers to equitable healthcare access.
By nurturing resilient, responsible Coalition for Global Hepatitis Elimination See page 32 for more information.
partnerships that leave lasting positive impact, we multiply our In 2019, Abbott became a founding member of the Coalition Real Madrid Partnership ability to touch people s lives while safeguarding the planet.
for Global Hepatitis Elimination, contributing funding to create In 2021, we announced our three-year deal to be the Health the Hepatitis C Evaluations to Amplify Testing and Treatment Sciences and Nutrition Partner for Real Madrid Football Club.
(HEAT) program.
The program aims to help scale hepatitis We have also signed on as Global Partner of the Real Madrid 2030 Abbott Goals testing to meet global elimination goals.
Foundation   an organization founded by the club to promote In Ghana, participation in HEAT has supported national the value of sport to children globally.
Advance health equity through partnership.
assessments of current hepatitis burden and local testing   Partner with stakeholders to improve health outcomes Through these partnerships, we are delivering education, sports, capacity, helping identify gaps in care to inform necessary by advancing standards and building access to affordable, and social welfare activities to support children in under- policy change.
The program has also enabled development of integrated solutions.
resourced communities across 80 countries.
Through the Real the country s first hepatitis C test and treatment program, Madrid Foundation s 42 clinics in 12 countries, we are providing where HEAT data on regional differences in prevalence of malnutrition screening, education, and nutrition support.
hepatitis C and testing infrastructure informed the roll-out of Progress and 2022 Stories a donation of hepatitis C medicines from the Egyptian Ministry Long-Standing Partnerships for Health of Health and Population.
Abbott s presence in Tanzania for the past 21 years has grown Through the coalition, we also supported launch of the HepTest from an HIV/AIDS focus to national emergency care.
We webinar series in 2020, reaching nearly 1,000 people to date have helped construct three regional hospitals and equip one with key information.
Throughout 2022, two more webinars zonal hospital.
In 2022, we completed the first models in were held, including one featuring a panel discussion with HEAT Tanzania for emergency care at a district hospital emergency representatives and lessons learned from the projects.
department and at a village emergency dispensary in Bantu Village.
We are now exploring how we can use this partnership as a model for other countries, and our Bantu dispensary as a model for other regions.
145 Abbott Sustainability 100 Abbott Park Road Department 0383 Abbott Park, IL 60064-6048 responsibility@abbott.com Abbott Pandemic Defense Coalition www.
abbott.com/sustainability partners at work.
See page 16 for details.
