AEM Holdings Ltd. Sustainability Report 2023 ABOUT AEM Our Vision for the Future A Zero Failure World Mission Our Values Statement An Innovative organisation To provide the most is a Resilient one.
comprehensive Customer & Employee Intimacy semiconductor and for a unified organisation.
electronics test solutions Agility and Operational based on the best-in-class Excellence for a strong technologies, processes, execution.
and customer support.
Ethical & Trustworthy.
AEM is a global leader in test innovation.
We provide AEM has a global presence across Asia, Europe, and the the most comprehensive semiconductor and electronics Americas.
Our R&D centers are crucial in innovating and test solutions based on the best-in-class technologies, advancing our in-house engineering capabilities to deliver processes, and customer support.
technologies and solutions for the next generation of semiconductor testing needs.
AEM's R&D centers are We deliver customised, and application-specific solutions situated in Singapore, Malaysia, Finland, France, and to meet our customers' needs.
With full-stack test United States of America.
capabilities for advanced engineering to high volume manufacturing, we provide innovative test solutions to With manufacturing plants located in Singapore, Malaysia drive successful customer outcomes in innovation.
We set (Penang), Indonesia (Batam), Vietnam, Finland (Lieto), ourselves to redefine test through our Test Cell Solutions Republic of Korea and United States of America, and a Business and Instrumentation Business.
global network of engineering support, sales offices, associates, and distributors, we offer our customers a We innovate test to test innovation, providing leading- robust and resilient ecosystem of test innovation and edge engineering solutions to meet the demands of fast- support.
moving industries.
With customer intimacy at our core, we build strong partnerships with our customers through our AEM Holdings Ltd. is listed on the Mainboard of the global network, tailoring solutions and delivering services Singapore Exchange (Reuters: AEM.
SI; Bloomberg: AEM: that meet their needs.
Beyond our leading-edge test SP).
innovation, we take pride in building strong partnerships with our customers and catering to the demands of an ever-evolving advanced manufacturing landscape.
22 SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy RReeppoorrtt 22002233 wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg AEM Holdings Ltd. O U R G L O B A L F O O T P R I N T 02 ABOUT AEM 18 ENVIRONMENTAL CONSCIENTIOUSNESS 04 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S Sustainable Supplier Management MESSAGE Minimising Our Environmental Footprint 05 SUSTAINABILITY 24 SOLIDIFYING RELATIONSHIPS PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS WITH OUR STAKEHOLDERS Managing Our Human Capital 06 ABOUT THIS REPORT Giving Back To The Community Reporting Period and Scope Protecting Our Customers Sustainability Reporting Framework Assurance 36 TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED Feedback FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES REPORT 07 BOARD'S STATEMENT 38 APPENDIX - PEOPLE INDICATORS 08 SUSTAINABILITY AT AEM 42 GRI CONTENT INDEX Sustainability Governance Stakeholder Engagement 45 TCFD CONTENT INDEX Materiality Assessment 15 SUSTAINABLE GROWTH Corporate Governance & Anti-Corruption Economic Performance www.
aem.com.
sg Sustainability Report 2023 3 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S MESSAGE Dear Shareholders & Readers, I am pleased to present the third edition of our standalone Sustainability Report, showcasing our continued dedication to sustainability in FY2023.
Over the past year, we have maintained our unwavering commitment to integrating sustainable practices into our business operations, striving to minimise our environmental impact, foster diversity and inclusion, and uphold the highest ethical and legal standards.
In the face of a challenging landscape within the In 2023, there were several quality improvement semiconductor industry in 2023 and macroeconomic projects (QIP), established in line with our Total Quality uncertainties, our Team at AEM demonstrated resilience Management Framework.
These projects were initiated and adaptability.
Despite these challenges, our from the grassroots level, reflecting a bottom-up commitment to sustainability remained unwavering as approach to decision-making and implementation we navigated through these complexities, ensuring our within the organisation.
These projects have delivered continued contribution to a more sustainable future.
tangible results in improving product quality, safety, and customer satisfaction.
In the semiconductor industry, where innovation drives progress, we recognise our responsibility for Amongst other grassroots-focused campaigns centred environmental and social stewardship.
We remain on safety, we launched our first global competition steadfast in our commitment to our RISE (Resilience, aimed at discovering AEM's safety slogan.
Initiatives Innovation, Sustainability, and Entrepreneurship) like this, alongside QIP, play a pivotal role in principles, ensuring sustainability remains a fostering engagement across all organisational tiers, cornerstone of our strategic vision.
empowering our teams to proactively address ESG considerations within the workplace.
For the second year running, our commitment to integrating Environmental, Social, and Governance Through the different training programmes we offer, (ESG) considerations into our business strategy has we support our team members in upgrading and been recognised with a BBB rating (on a scale of AAA enhancing their competences.
On average, each   CCC) in the MSCI ESG Ratings assessment for 2023.
employee received 35.2 hours of training in 2023, and This rating measures a company s management of ESG all of our employees participated in performance and risks and opportunities.
Our rating attests to AEM's career development review sessions.
commitment to establishing sustainable practices and building resilience against financially relevant ESG We continue to show improvement in our workforce s risks.
gender diversity ratio, with 52% of women representing our workforce in 2023.
We are focused on providing our customers with the best-in-class technology solutions, without As artificial intelligence (AI) drives industry growth to compromising health, safety, and privacy.
I am pleased trillions of dollars, sustainability must be woven into to share that we have zero significant incidents of any the fabric of AI development.
As a technology leader non-compliance concerning the health and safety in providing test solutions for the development and impacts of our products and services, as well as zero deployment of AI chips, we are committed to ensuring substantiated complaints concerning any customer that our customers successfully deliver reliability and privacy or data.
safety in these chips' intended applications.
Our role is also to ensure that our sustainable practices align with ethical principles, fostering social equity, and environmental stewardship for A Zero Failure World.
Chandran Nair Chief Executive Officer 44 SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy RReeppoorrtt 22002233 wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg HIGHLIGHTS Sustainability Performance Highlights Corporate Governance MSCI ESG Ratings Customer Health & Safety & Anti-Corruption As a measure of the company s significant incidents ZERO resilience to long-term, financially 0 of non-compliance relevant ESG risk, AEM maintained with regulation and/ substantiated cases of corruption a rating of BBB (on a scale of AAA or voluntary codes   CCC) in the MSCI ESG Ratings ZERO assessment in 2023 concerning the health and safety impacts of our significant instances of non- products and services compliance with applicable laws Training and regulations in the jurisdictions Gender Diversity where we operate 35.2 hours Continual Sustainable Supplier 52% Management FY2022 30.0 hours improvement in workforce gender of training provided to each diversity ratio, with employee on average female employees 100% representing 52% in FY2023 Customer Privacy of key suppliers participated in AEM PFAS/PIP non-compliance declarations to provide updates substantiated complaints 0 and proposed replacement concerning breaches of materials aligned to respective customer privacy and/or AEM customers' requests loss of customer data Accolades 2023 Centurion Club Awards: Company of the Year Weighted ROE over 3 years Growth in Profit after Tax over 3 years Overall Sector Winner (Software & IT Services + Technology Equipment) wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy RReeppoorrtt 22002233 55 ABOUT THIS REPORT About This Report AEM Holdings Ltd. ( AEM  or the  Company ) is pleased to present the Company s annual Sustainability Report (the  Report ).
Reporting Period and Scope The Report delivers an extensive overview In line with SGX Listing Rules 711A and 711B, of AEM's principal sustainability concerns, we have also incorporated the six primary outlining our strategies for management, components in our annual sustainability along with the Environment, Social and report, on a  comply or explain  basis.
The Governance ( ESG ) policies, practices, and Group has adopted a phased approach to performance from 1 January 2023 to 31 include climate-related disclosures that are December 2023 ( FY2023 ).
In alignment with aligned with the Task Force on Climate- AEM's continuous goal to uphold operational related Financial Disclosures ( TCFD ) excellence in our sustainability practices, we recommendations in our FY2023 report.
have set specific short-term, long-term, and ongoing objectives for each ESG element Assurance deemed significant to the Group s internal External assurance has not been obtained for and external stakeholders.
the sustainability data in this Report.
Instead, we have employed internal verification This Report encompasses our worldwide processes to ensure its accuracy and operations, covering our main office in reliability.
Additionally, there have been no Singapore and our subsidiary companies restatements of information from previous throughout Asia, Europe, North and Central reporting periods.
America.
All key entities that are part of our financial reporting have been included in our Feedback sustainability reporting.
We welcome your feedback, views, and suggestions on our sustainability Sustainability Reporting Framework report and related initiatives at: This Report has been prepared with https://www.
aem.com.
sg/contact reference to the Global Reporting Initiative ( GRI ) Universal Standards 2021, recognised We will continue to provide updates on the internationally for guiding businesses in latest developments at AEM, and remain comprehensive and transparent disclosure open to receiving feedback from our on a broad spectrum of sustainability- stakeholder groups, via digital platforms related topics.
These standards facilitate like LinkedIn and our Corporate Website, at organisations in effectively communicating https://www.
aem.com.
sg their environmental and societal impacts using a universally common language.
For ease of reference, the GRI Content Index can be referred to on pages 42 to 44, which maps out the specific locations of all relevant disclosures in the Report.
6 Sustainability Report 2023 www.
aem.com.
sg BOARD'S STATEMENT Board's Statement The Board of Directors (the "Board") is pleased to present AEM s Sustainability Report for FY2023, reflecting our commitment to ESG transparency and addressing the progress, challenges, and goals ahead, while continually adapting our practices to our stakeholders' needs.
This financial year presented a diverse range demands of our industry while maintaining a of challenges and opportunities, through competitive edge in innovation.
which we have steadfastly navigated, anchored by our unwavering commitment to Our dedication to social responsibility our core values and corporate responsibilities.
has been further demonstrated through Foremost in our agenda is the management various local community engagement and oversight of climate-related risks and initiatives across our regions of operation.
opportunities.
We acknowledge the profound Our collaborative efforts have yielded importance of environmental stewardship positive educational outcomes and wellness and its implications for sustainable growth.
In benefits for both our employees and the our role, we have ensured that AEM adheres wider community, and we have nurtured to stringent environmental standards, community ties through cultural celebrations thereby eliminating any non-compliance and charitable acts.
Furthermore, our penalties, and we have proudly sustained a various sites have actively participated in proactive approach towards reducing our fostering local engagement and well-being carbon footprint and enhancing operational through recognition programs and holiday efficiencies.
celebrations.
The management team, under the guidance This comprehensive approach to corporate of the Board, has been instrumental in governance, encompassing environmental, implementing our strategy to streamline social, and economic dimensions, reflects the processes, and encourage the adoption of balanced and forward-thinking leadership eco-friendly practices among employees.
that our Board imparts.
We are committed These measures are reflective of our to continuous improvement and transparent dedication to mitigating our environmental communication with all our stakeholders as impact and supporting the global movement we advance AEM s mission to innovate for a towards a greener economy.
In parallel, we sustainable future.
have also focused on generating substantial economic value through our offering of advanced technology solutions and services Sincerely, in the semiconductor testing sector, ensuring Board of Directors that we continue to meet the evolving AEM Holdings Ltd. www.
aem.com.
sg Sustainability Report 2023 7 SUSTAINABILITY AT AEM Solidifying Relationships We recognise the with Our Stakeholders intrinsic link between our business success and the sustainable development of the communities and environments where we operate worldwide.
We have established our sustainability programme in line with three primary pillars, which remains the foundation of our commitment to sustainability: Sustainable Environmental Growth Conscientiousness AEM s commitment to sustainability across three key pillars Sustainable Growth Economic Performance Our commitment is to uphold (GRI 201) the highest levels of ethical conduct, corporate governance, financial discipline, and risk management.
This approach is integral to improving our decision-making processes and generating long-term value for our stakeholders.
Corporate Governance & Anti-Corruption (GRI 205) 88 Sustainability Report 2023 wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg AEM Holdings Ltd. Environmental Conscientiousness Our approach to tackling climate change involves a focused effort to minimise our operational footprint and integrate sustainable supplier management practices across our entire value chain.
Energy Emissions (GRI 302) (GRI 305) Waste Management Water Management (GRI 306) (GRI 303) Supplier Social Assessment Supplier Environmental (GRI 414) Assessment (GRI 308) Solidifying Building a cohesive business organisation is rooted in our commitment to nurturing our Relationships with workforce and developing lasting, positive connections with other stakeholders and the Our Stakeholders communities in which we operate.
Employment (GRI 401) Market Presence and Contribution (GRI 202) Occupational Health and Safety Diversity and Equal (GRI 403) Opportunity (GRI 405) Training and Education (GRI 404) Customer Health and Safety (GRI 416) Giving back to the Community (GRI 413) Customer Privacy (GRI 418) wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg Sustainability Report 2023 99 SUSTAINABILITY AT AEM Sustainability Governance The ARC to incorporate sustainability issues as part of the Group s strategic formulation and to approve, manage, and monitor ESG factors material to the ARC business.
Senior management team to AEM develop sustainability objectives Sustainability and strategy, manage, and monitor Steering overall sustainability performance, Committee reports to the Board via the ARC.
Sustainability Team is responsible for implementing and formalising sustainability policies and procedures, AEM ESG management processes, and sustainability development Workstream Lead standards.
It supports and provides adequate resources and Team to functional units to perform the established sustainability processes and practices.
All Staff AEM s sustainability governance structure The strategic direction for the Company's strategies.
The SSC is tasked with overseeing and sustainability efforts is led by the Board of Directors.
tracking the Group's sustainability performance Under the guidance of the Board, the Audit and Risk annually, while regularly updating the Board and Management Committee ( ARC ) plays a crucial ARC on AEM's progress in sustainability.
Working in role in integrating sustainability issues into the tandem with the Sustainability Team, the SSC aids Group's strategic planning.
The ARC also oversees both the ARC and the Board in identifying critical the identification, management, and monitoring ESG topics, assessing and managing climate-related of material ESG factors, including the oversight of risks and opportunities, pinpointing key performance climate related risks and opportunities.
Complying indicators for monitoring purposes, and setting with the revised SGX sustainability reporting targets for these topics across short-term, medium- regulations, members of AEM's Board of Directors term, and long-term horizons.
have completed mandatory sustainability training courses, equipping themselves with essential Stakeholder Engagement knowledge in sustainability.
AEM is committed to actively engaging with our At the core of our sustainability framework is our stakeholders, comprehending their concerns Sustainability Team (the  Team ), a dynamic group and expectations, and ensuring their interests made up of employees from different departments, are protected.
The insights we receive from our each bringing a unique blend of experiences stakeholders play a crucial role in identifying material and backgrounds.
This team is responsible for ESG topics that align with their concerns, thereby spearheading sustainability initiatives across the guiding the development of our sustainability organisation, as well as developing policies and strategy.
We also have a stakeholder engagement procedures for sustainability management that align policy that can be found at our corporate website.
with industry best practices.
Furthermore, the Team is instrumental in providing guidance and resources to We have identified a total of seven (7) key stakeholder the various functional units within AEM, ensuring that groups, which may 1) impact our business, 2) be the sustainability processes and practices we have impacted by our business, or 3) provide subject-matter established are implemented effectively.
expertise on specific material ESG factors.
To facilitate the open exchange of ideas and suggestions, we The Sustainability Steering Committee ( SSC ) consistently interact with our stakeholders through a comprises of senior management, to lead the variety of platforms and channels, as detailed below.
development of AEM s sustainability goals and 1100 Sustainability Report 2023 wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg AEM Holdings Ltd. Employees Engagement Methods Focus Areas AEM's Response Regular staff Benefits and remuneration To encourage greater workplace diversity by taking communication sessions a merit-based approach to hiring and retaining Career advancement staff Annual performance evaluation Health and safety To provide all staff with equal opportunities for professional development and capability building Perception surveys To promote a safe and inclusive working Social and team-building environment by engaging employees at all levels activities and facilitating two-way internal communication Customers Engagement Methods Focus Areas AEM's Response Scheduled and ad-hoc site Engineering and To invest in our talent resources and engineering visits, calls, and reviews development capability capability Customer satisfaction Operational and financial To maintain excellent operational and financial surveys performance performance Exhibitions and trade shows To ensure the transparent and timely dissemination of information about material developments Annual reports www.
aem.com.
sg Sustainability Report 2023 11 SUSTAINABILITY AT AEM Suppliers Engagement Methods Focus Areas AEM's Response Scheduled and ad-hoc site Quality and reliability To assess suppliers based on their track visits, calls, and reviews of suppliers record and their ability to complement AEM s commitment to delivering high-quality products Supplier review Social and environmental and services impact Annual supplier audit To review suppliers with full PFAS Risk Assessment and mass communication Meet all regulatory and replacement roadmap to drive delivery of containing an annual requirements for less environmentally impactful products and supplier declaration substances in articles services to AEM (PFAS, PIP) Community Engagement Methods Focus Areas AEM's Response Participation in community Social-economic To support meaningful causes by making donations service initiatives development to local community organisations Government and Regulatory Bodies Engagement Methods Focus Areas AEM's Response Keeping abreast with Regulatory compliance To comply with all relevant laws and regulations in regulatory changes the jurisdications we operate in Environmental impact Scheduled and ad-hoc site To continually invest in skills upgrading to improve visits and training sessions Job creation talent resources and engineering capability Capability building 12 Sustainability Report 2023 www.
aem.com.
sg AEM Holdings Ltd. Investors and Shareholders Engagement Methods Focus Areas AEM's Response Quarterly business outlook Business continuity To maintain excellent operational and financial updates performances Investor relations Half-yearly SGX results management To ensure the transparent and timely dissemination announcements and of information about material developments briefings Ad-hoc press releases Annual General Meetings (AGM) Industry Bodies Engagement Methods Focus Areas AEM's Response Presentation at industry Challenges affecting the Active membership and participation in industry seminars and trade shows semiconductor industry forums and events Industry networking events Materiality Assessment AEM s materiality assessment process adheres to the four-step approach outlined in GRI 3: Material Topics 2021.
Step 4 Review Step 3 Material ESG factors Validation will be reviewed and reassessed yearly for their Step 2 The Board and relevance to the Group Prioritisation Management will endorse and validate the identified Step 1 Identified material ESG material ESG factors Identification factors are evaluated and ranked on our The shortlisting of materiality matrix potential material ESG factors in discussions with both internal and external stakeholders www.
aem.com.
sg Sustainability Report 2023 13 SUSTAINABILITY AT AEM The Board and Management have conducted a review of the material topics for this year's report and concluded that the sixteen (16) material topics identified in the previous year continue to be pertinent to AEM's business and its stakeholders.
Sustainability Pillars Material Topics GRI Standard Corporate Governance GRI 205 and Anti-Corruption Sustainable Growth Economic Perfomance GRI 201 Supplier Environmental GRI 308 Assessment Environmental Supplier Social GRI 414 Conscientiousness Assessment Energy GRI 302 Emissions GRI 305 Waste Management GRI 306 Water Management GRI 303 Employment GRI 401 Solidifying Occupational Health GRI 403 Relationships with and Safety Our Stakeholders Training and Education GRI 404 Diversity and Equal GRI 405 Opportunity Market Presence GRI 202 and Contribution Giving back to the GRI 413 Community Customer Health and GRI 416 Safety Customer Privacy GRI 418 14 Sustainability Report 2023 www.
aem.com.
sg Sustainable Growth Our commitment is to uphold the highest levels of ethical conduct, corporate governance, financial discipline, and risk management.
This approach is integral to improving our decision-making processes and generating long-term value for our stakeholders.
Economic Performance (GRI 201) Corporate Governance & Anti-Corruption (GRI 205) wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg Sustainability Report 2023 1155 SUSTAINABLE GROWTH Sustainable Growth AEM places a high emphasis on strong leadership, ethical FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 organisational culture, and robust corporate governance, supported by effective policies and processes.
These elements are critical in maintaining AEM's reputation as Total number of key a leading global manufacturer and service provider in operations assessed for 10 10 10 risks related to corruption the technology equipment sector.
Commitment to the highest standards of corporate Total number of key operations in the 10 10 10 governance is at the core of AEM's ethos.
The Group's corresponding year strategic planning and decision-making are deeply rooted in business ethics, financial discipline, and risk management, all directed towards creating sustainable Percentage of key long-term value for our stakeholders.
operations assessed for 100% 100% 100% risks related to corruption Corporate Governance and Anti-Corruption AEM has zero-tolerance for all forms of bribery, (GRI 205-1) corruption, extortion, and embezzlement.
To maintain the highest standards of integrity and accountability, the Demonstrating the Company's unwavering commitment Group has developed and circulated our internal policies to legal and ethical business practices, AEM has and procedures on anti-bribery and anti-corruption to implemented the AEM Code of Business Conduct ("the all our employees.
Our Whistle Blowing Policy, which is AEM Code") throughout its global subsidiaries and the available on our corporate website, provides a channel main company.
This code, which outlines high standards for employees and third parties to voice their concerns of professionalism, integrity, and ethics, is obligatory about possible improprieties in financial reporting, for every employee of AEM, including the management workplace safety, or other matters to the ARC, in team and the Board.
They are required to read, confidence and without fear of reprisal.
understand, and adhere to its provisions.
In addition to our employees, we have made the AEM Code a part of In FY2023, all AEM operations, including our our contractual agreements with our suppliers and have manufacturing and production facilities in Singapore, also made it accessible to the public on our corporate Malaysia, Indonesia, Vietnam, Finland, Republic of Korea, website.
France, United States of America, and China, underwent an assessment for risks associated with corruption and concluded with the identification of zero substantiated incidents of corruption for the year.
Material Topic FY2023 Performance Perpetual Targets Zero significant instances of non- To have zero substantiated cases of corruption or compliance with governmental laws other improprieties and regulations in environmental, Corporate social, and economic areas To maintain our overall compliance record and have Governance and zero significant public legal cases brought against Anti-Corruption the Group 1166 Sustainability Report 2023 wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg AEM Holdings Ltd. Employees at AEM are obligated to disclose any conflicts Economic Performance of interest through the annual conflict of interest (GRI 201-1) declaration process.
In addition, any transactions involving interested persons must be reported to the ARC.
Our commitment lies in generating significant economic Following these reports, we ensure the implementation value for our stakeholders by offering cutting-edge of appropriate internal controls to guarantee that all such technologies and custom solutions designed for transactions are conducted impartially, safeguarding sophisticated, integrated semiconductor testing needs, the interests of all shareholders.
alongside unmatched customer service.
Through these efforts, our company strives to uphold its status as a In alignment with SGX Listing Rule 1207(19), the Group frontrunner in technological innovation within the has formulated and adopted an internal compliance semiconductor and electronic testing industry for the code.
This code serves as a guideline for our employees foreseeable future.
regarding the dealings in AEM s securities, ensuring adherence to legal and ethical standards in these For FY2023, the group's financial performance matters.
experienced a downturn, with a reported revenue of S$481.3 million due to a combination of reduced end- There have been no reported cases of significant customer demand and excess inventory which pushed misconduct related to AEM's business practices and out capital expenditure in the semiconductor industry.
operations, and no significant incidents of legal or AEM continues to invest in research & development regulatory non-compliance recorded in FY2023.
The ( R&D ) and new customer programs and is confident in Group remains committed to maintaining vigilance generating future value from these investments.
in ensuring that our employees consistently adhere to the highest standards of integrity in interactions Amid lower revenue reported for FY2023, the Group with customers, vendors, government agencies, and continued its production activities converting raw internally within the company.
materials to finished goods to meet future sales from long dated non-cancellable purchase orders.
As a result, FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 the energy intensity ratio and emissions intensity ratio as well as waste generated and water consumed per Economic Value monetary unit of sales have increased in FY2023.
Generated & 89.2 127.3 -3.4 Distributed (S$'M) Please refer to the financial statements in our Annual Report for more information on AEM s economic performance in FY2023.
Material Topic FY2023 Performance Perpetual Targets Published quarterly business To provide innovative solutions and product improvements updates and half-yearly results to better serve our customers release on SGXNet in a timely Economic manner To continue cost reduction engineering initiatives and  lean  Performance operations to drive productivity improvements Investments in critical R&D areas continued, including active To incentivise employees to develop innovative ideas that thermal control, resulting in further can be patented expansion of the Group's patent portfolio with a total of 9 new To increase economic value generation for our shareholders patents awarded in 2023 wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg Sustainability Report 2023 1177 Environmental Conscientiousness Our approach to tackling climate change involves a focused effort to minimise our operational footprint and integrate sustainable supplier management practices across our entire value chain.
Energy Emissions (GRI 302) (GRI 305) Waste Management (GRI 306) Water Management (GRI 303) Supplier Environmental Supplier Social Assessment Assessment (GRI 414) (GRI 308) 1188 Sustainability Report 2023 wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg AEM Holdings Ltd. Environmental Conscientiousness In the realm of our sustainability efforts, sustainable Annually, we also evaluate and review our suppliers  supplier management is a key area of focus and plays performance, focusing on their adherence to labour, a pivotal role in our sustainability strategy.
This aspect environmental, health, safety, and ethical standards of our operations focuses on ensuring that our supply and practices in line with the AEM Code.
In FY2023, chain operates not only efficiently but also ethically and there were 20 new key suppliers added to our network sustainably, which assists us in aligning our operational (FY2022: 0), and it is noteworthy that none of our current practices with international standards and the industry suppliers have been found to have significant negative best practices for environmental management systems.
environmental or social impacts.
Sustainable Supplier Management Supplier Environmental Assessment (GRI 308-1, 414-1) (GRI 308-1) Maintaining open communication channels with our Our supplier screening guide lists out all relevant suppliers during the entire procurement process is environmental criteria, guiding our procurement staff in essential for fostering trust, improving risk management, ensuring that all our suppliers meet our Environmental and achieving AEM's long-term business objectives.
Management System requirements for the products and services they supply.
Our existing key suppliers In our supplier selection process, we conduct are either compliant with industry standards such as comprehensive screenings of all potential new suppliers ISO14001 or have published their environmental policy to identify significant environmental and social impacts and/or sustainability report, in addition to having had arising from their business practices.
This screening, as zero significant instances of non-compliance with local detailed in our supplier screening guide, covers a range of laws.
concerns including various forms of pollution, biodiversity loss, contributions to global warming, land degradation, Supplier Social Assessment deforestation, instances of child labour, infringements on (GRI 414-1) the rights of indigenous peoples, violations of customer privacy, and non-adherence to social and economic laws and regulations.
Through evaluating their performance in Similarly, a social assessment of our suppliers was these key areas, we ensure that the vendors we deal with conducted using our supplier screening guide, through align with our commitment to high-quality products and which we have determined that all our key suppliers services while upholding our sustainability standards.
continue to be compliant with industry standards, in line with AEM's requirements.
Material Topic FY2023 Performance Perpetual Targets All key suppliers participated in AEM Sustainability Screen 100% of new key suppliers using declarations to provide update with regards to their environmental and social criteria continuous alignment with AEM s environmental and Supplier social requirements, having either aligned their business Enhance our supply chain management Environmental practices with industry standards such as the ISO14001 assessment processes to strengthen our Assessment, or published their environmental policy or sustainability evaluation of suppliers  environmental and report in the public domain social practices Supplier Social Assessment All key suppliers participated in AEM PFAS/PIP non- Screen 100% of applicable AEM suppliers compliance declarations to provide updates and using the yearly supplier declaration.
proposed replacement materials aligned to respective This is critical to drive research and AEM customers' requests replacement to enable greener and more sustainable alternatives across the supply base wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg Sustainability Report 2023 1199 ENVIRONMENTAL CONSCIENTIOUSNESS Minimising Our Environmental Footprint Energy (GRI 302-1, 302-3, 302-4) Our foray into renewable energy includes Energy plays a vital role in the operations of AEM.
the installation of solar panels.
This effort We recognise that due to the use of energy-intensive is exemplified by our subsidiary CEI, which equipment in our manufacturing and testing processes, equipped its Singapore facility with solar panels incurring higher utility costs, such specialised equipment that can produce approximately 240,000 kWh are indispensable due to the nature of our business.
of electricity each year, intended for our own consumption.
In FY2023, diesel (predominantly utilised by commercial vehicles) amounted to 0.6% of our overall energy consumption.
This marked a modest reduction from the 0.7% recorded in FY2022.
The following table depicts the changes in AEM s energy intensity ratio.
We recognise the importance of adopting cost-effective strategies to enhance energy efficiency and reduce FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 energy usage and waste, as a cornerstone of our environmental sustainability efforts.
In line with this, we Energy Consumed 12,200,000 17,710,000 16,580,000 have initiated various ongoing energy-saving initiatives (kWh) at our Singapore headquarters and main global manufacturing sites, which encompass: Revenue (S$M) 565.5 870.5 481.3 transitioning from fluorescent lighting to LED Energy Intensity 0.021 0.020 0.034 energy-saving lighting, Ratio (kWh/S$) setting air-conditioners and lights to automatically turn off after office hours, upgrading air-conditioning ducting from ceiling cassettes to more efficient inverter models, replacing outdated and less efficient equipment with newer, energy-efficient alternatives, and fostering energy conservation awareness among our employees through informational posters and briefings, encouraging disciplined usage.
2200 SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy RReeppoorrtt 22002233 wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg AEM Holdings Ltd. Emissions (GRI 305-1, 305-2, 305-4) The increasing threat of climate change to the communities where we operate and live affects not just our sustainability objectives, but our survival as an organisation.
In recognition of the effect of climate risks on AEM, we actively participate in the global initiative to reduce greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions.
We closely monitor our emissions at each stage of our manufacturing process, gathering data to pinpoint areas where GHG emissions can be significantly reduced.
Recognising that the majority of AEM s carbon footprint stems from indirect emissions generated from purchased energy, and optimising energy usage is what we consider essential to lowering AEM s overall GHG emissions.
The table below presents the total emissions and emission intensity ratio for AEM.
FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 Scope 1 Direct 15 35 27 GHG Emissions (MT CO2e1)# Scope 2 Indirect 8,082 11,532 10,581 GHG Emissions (MT CO2e) Revenue (S$M) 565.5 870.5 481.3 We remain committed to further reducing Emission Intensity emissions by diligently monitoring our energy 0.014318 0.013248 0.021984 Ratio (MT/S$'000) usage, employing environmentally friendly technology, and persisting in our efforts to # Note: Direct GHG emissions includes carbon equivalent emissions educate about environmental issues.
from the consumption of diesel by commercial vehicles.
1 Metric Tons of Carbon Dioxide Equivalent Material Topic FY2023 Performance Perpetual Targets Reduced Scope 1 direct GHG emissions Pursue energy reduction measures in our business and lower energy consumption activities by increasing energy efficiency and resulted in lower Scope 2 indirect GHG minimising wastage Energy and emissions Emissions Promote heightened conservation awareness and usage discipline amongst our employees Track and document energy consumption and all relevant Scopes 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions at the facility and/or corporate level wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg Sustainability Report 2023 2211 ENVIRONMENTAL CONSCIENTIOUSNESS Waste Management (GRI 306-1, 306-2, 306-3) AEM acknowledges the inevitable generation of waste within the organisation, originating both from materials supplied by our vendors and from the by-products of our operational and manufacturing activities.
Waste Generated Input (from Suppliers)   Paper   Carton boxes   Chemical substances (Loctite, oil, etc.
) Activities The Group is steadfast in its commitment to advancing (Manufacturing Processes) waste reduction initiatives across all our operating   Paper   Chemicals for cleaning, and manufacturing locations.
We are particularly adhesion, lubrication concentrating on waste streams such as soldering waste, solder dross, and carton boxes.
Output   Paper   Carton boxes Aligning with Singapore's goal to become a Zero Waste   Used chemicals (Loctite, oil, coolant, etc.
)   Soldering waste Nation, we have intensified our initiatives to minimise   Solder dross   Metal leftover waste and enhance sustainable waste management practices.
These initiatives include: transitioning from paper-based records to digital Our waste management process is a four-step approach formats in various internal processes; of identifying, managing, reducing, and responsibly collaborating with an external recycling service disposing of or recycling the waste we generate.
to handle waste from our manufacturing and Overall, there are three main categories of waste at operational processes, such as metal remnants AEM, hazardous waste (which includes chemical waste), from production; recycled waste (encompassing leftover metals, paper, implementing the reuse of carton boxes and plastic and plastic), and general waste, which accounts for the pallets; bulk of our waste output.
eliminating the use of hydrofluoroether (HFE) in our new equipment.
Total weight of waste generated (in metric tons) FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 49.5 78.6 55.0 (25%) (27%) (22%) Total Weight of (1 62 31 %.
6 ) (2 122 %.
5 ) (1 68 54 %.
5 ) (2 83 %.
1 ) (1 66 87 %.
0 ) (2 104 %.
4 ) Waste Generated 193.6 286.2 246.4 (MT) Waste Generated per FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 Monetory Unit of 0.00034 0.00033 0.00051 Sales (MT/S$'000) Hazardous waste Recycled waste General waste Material Topic FY2023 Performance Perpetual Targets A 14% decrease in the total To further reduce the use of paper amount of waste production documentation and consumption activities in FY2023 as compared Waste to FY2022 Refine measurement and reporting methods Management to manage other significant waste-related impacts from our manufacturing processes (e.g., chemical waste, used coolant, etc.
) 2222 Sustainability Report 2023 wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg AEM Holdings Ltd. Water Management (GRI 303-5) Recognising the importance of water as a global resource, part of AEM s sustainability strategy is dedicated to prudent water usage.
To support various national campaigns for enhanced water conservation, AEM has implemented several measures across our operational and manufacturing facilities, including: raising awareness about water conservation among our employees through educational posters and briefings, emphasising the importance of disciplined usage; and upgrading our facilities by installing motion sensor taps and spring faucets, which are aimed at minimising water wastage and enhancing overall water efficiency.
Throughout the years, AEM has diligently tracked and controlled our water usage.
The noticeable rise in the Group's overall water consumption over time is primarily due to the expansion of our manufacturing and production activities.
For FY2023, there was an increase in the Company s overall water consumption which was due to moving our production to a newer, larger facility in Penang, Malaysia.
FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 Total Water Consumption from 49,967 74,076 109,740 All Areas (m3) Water Consumed per Monetary Unit of 0.088 0.085 0.228 Sales (m3/S$ 000) Material Topic FY2023 Performance Perpetual Targets Overall water consumption increase To continue promoting water conservation in FY2023 due to moving our awareness among our employees production to a newer, larger facility Water in Penang, Malaysia To take measures to reduce water consumption, Management e.g., by using reclaimed water, motion sensor taps, and spring faucets wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg Sustainability Report 2023 2233 Solidifying Relationships with Our Stakeholders Building a cohesive business organisation is rooted in our commitment to nurturing our workforce and developing lasting, positive connections with other stakeholders and the communities in which we operate.
Market Presence and Employment Contribution (GRI 401) (GRI 202) Occupational Health Diversity and Equal and Safety Opportunity (GRI 403) (GRI 405) Training and Education Customer Health and Safety (GRI 404) (GRI 416) Customer Privacy Giving back to the Community (GRI 418) (GRI 413) 2244 Sustainability Report 2023 wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg AEM Holdings Ltd. Solidifying Relationships with Our Stakeholders Managing Our Human Capital As of 31 December 2023, the total number of employees at AEM was 2,576, representing a decrease of 307 The achievements of AEM are deeply rooted in the employees compared to the prior year.
collective efforts of our team.
Our focus is on fostering a healthy and inclusive work environment where taking initiative is valued, continuous learning is facilitated, Employee New Hires and innovative ideas are championed.
This approach is by gender integral to our strategy in managing human capital.
Male Female Employment (GRI 401-1, 401-2) 135 (34%) In line with the AEM Code, we are dedicated to protecting the human rights of both our current and potential 263 (66%) employees.
This involves strict adherence to labour standards that cover the free choice of employment, the prevention of child labour, non-discrimination, and freedom of association, in accordance with applicable FY2021 local laws.
Adopting ethical and responsible labour practices is fundamental to attracting and maintaining 225 (38%) ) a diverse and talented workforce, which is key to driving 367 (62%) AEM towards further sustainable growth.
Fostering employee loyalty is a priority, and to this end, we seek to offer competitive compensation packages.
FY2022 These packages comprise a base salary, allowances, cash bonuses, and a share equity plan.
A significant variable component in our remuneration strategy incentivizes 199 (46%) enhanced performance, taking into account each 235 (54%) employee's individual skills, job responsibilities, and long-term contributions to AEM's growth.
Additionally, we acknowledge the dedication and service of our staff by awarding them with long service accolades, FY2023 celebrating their commitment and contributions to the company.
Material Topic FY2023 Performance Perpetual Targets Continued strict adherence to Ensure accessibility to a variety of resources and labour standards that cover the tools to implement fair and progressive employment free choice of employment, the practices within AEM Employment prevention of child labour, non- discrimination, and freedom of To attract and retain talent with competitive association, in accordance with remuneration and welfare packages applicable local laws www.
aem.com.
sg Sustainability Report 2023 25 SOLIDIFYING RELATIONSHIPS WITH OUR STAKEHOLDERS Occupational Health & Safety Quarterly staff meetings are held to foster a proactive approach to safety, where employees are empowered to (GRI 403-1, 403-2, 403-4, 403-6, 403-9, 403-10) report hazards and initiate improvements.
At AEM, the safety and confidence of our employees in Supervisors are tasked with monitoring all feedback and their workplace is our utmost concern.
implementing necessary corrective actions promptly.
To further reduce risks, especially in equipment motion To oversee and manage our occupational health and testing, we employ smart cameras for enhanced safety ( OH&S ) practices, we have established a monitoring.
Workplace Safety and Health ( WSH ) Group, which nurtures a strong safety culture at AEM, and undertakes We have maintained our record of zero reported cases responsibilities such as monthly safety checks, regular of recordable work-related illnesses, high-consequence safety training and drills, and reporting of emergencies work-related injuries, and work-related fatalities.
and accidents to appropriate authorities.
The WSH Nonetheless, in FY2023, there were two recordable Group convenes monthly to discuss OH&S matters such work-related injury (resulting in a rate of 1.7 recordable as employee participation and communication.
injuries per million hours worked), which were minor and not significantly harmful.
This represents a decline Through the WSH Group, AEM aims to proactively from FY2022, where there were four recordable cases.
manage work-related hazards and risks to safeguard not just our employees but also contractors and visitors in We are deeply committed to preventing safety incidents our facilities.
Our safety manual, guided by the hierarchy and continuously enhancing our safety standards.
We of controls, outlines key procedures to mitigate potential consider every incident, no matter how minor, as an safety hazards.
Our comprehensive safety policy builds opportunity for learning and improvement.
Immediate on the principles of compliance, communication, actions are taken to investigate and address the root training, continuous improvement, accountability, and cause of any safety issues, with necessary measures leadership.
implemented to prevent their recurrence and updates made to our safety management system accordingly.
To ensure all staff are well-versed in safety protocols, we conduct routine safety briefings, risk assessment We conduct regular safety audits and reviews to training, and safety orientations.
In view of the proactively identify potential hazards, addressing Singapore Ministry of Manpower ( MOM ) Code of any concerns before they lead to incidents.
Open Practice guidelines, our risk assessment processes are communication with employees is encouraged for regularly reviewed to maintain high standards in OH&S continuous improvement in our safety practices and management.
procedures.
We strongly encourage employees to report any work- Ongoing training and education are provided to related issues or conditions which may endanger safety.
all employees, ensuring they possess the skills and This can be done directly to their supervisors, safety knowledge required for safe working practices.
By committee members, or via an on-site suggestion box.
recognising and rewarding safe behaviour, we promote a culture of safety throughout the organisation.
2266 SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy RReeppoorrtt 22002233 wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg AEM Holdings Ltd
Our firm belief is that a strong focus on preventing the Training and Education recurrence of safety issues is vital for our success and (GRI 404-1, 404-2, 404-3) contributes to creating a safer, healthier workplace for everyone involved.
The technological and engineering expertise of our staff is fundamental to AEM's success.
Hence, investing In alignment with GRI 403-6 and our commitment in training and development programmes for our to the well-being of our employees, AEM facilitates employees is essential, fostering lifelong learning and access to the non-occupational medical and healthcare enhancing the competencies of our staff.
services.
We provide our workforce with access to essential healthcare services beyond those related to To support this, we offer a variety of training programmes occupational needs, achieved through various means accessible both in-person and remotely.
Launched in including company-sponsored health insurance plans, June 2021, our Learning Management System ( LMS ) and partnerships with healthcare providers for direct allows employees to engage in e-learning courses as access to medical services.
This ensures our employees well as on-site classroom training.
We encourage our have access to quality healthcare services, reflecting our employees to proactively manage their professional dedication to supporting their overall health and well- growth by enrolling in these courses.
In FY2023, each being.
employee received an average of 35.2 training hours (FY2022: 30.0 hours).
Total Training Hours by gender Male Female 14,293 (52%) 13,176 (48%) In 2023, we have completed more than 20 Quality Improvement Projects (QIP) across our major sites.
These projects were established in line with FY2021 AEM's Total Quality Management framework, 17,976 (21%) focusing on continuous improvements in quality & safety, customer satisfaction, process efficiency, 68,516 supplier quality, environment, and other strategic (79%) initiatives.
AEM also adopted "Zero Accidents, Zero Excuses" 34,765 FY2022 as the official safety slogan in 2023.
The slogan (38%) sets a high standard for safety performance, 56,034 aiming for zero accidents.
This aspirational goal (62%) motivates all of us to strive for excellence in our safety practices, creating a sense of purpose and shared responsibility.
FY2023 Material Topic FY2023 Performance Perpetual Targets Zero cases of recordable work-related Ensure that our practices at AEM are in line with ill health, high-consequence work- internationally agreed best practices for OH&S related injuries, and fatalities resulting management systems, for the prevention of harm and Occupational Health from work-related injuries or ill health promotion of health at work and Safety Complete external/ MOM audits on AEM s OH&S management system, to certify AEM s safety manual and procedures Establish a comprehensive occupational accident/ work injury compensation insurance plan for our employees www.
aem.com.
sg Sustainability Report 2023 27 SOLIDIFYING RELATIONSHIPS WITH OUR STAKEHOLDERS Employees Receiving Regular Performance and Career Development Reviews by gender Male Female 1,204 1,419 1,233 1,293 1,464 1,343 FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 We advocate for frequent discussions on performance and career development between employees and their managers.
We are proud to report that in FY2023, every employee at AEM participated in these review sessions.
We have implemented a structured approach across the Group for identifying, monitoring, and reviewing training requirements.
As part of this approach, we have facilitated a range of courses for our management and staff, encompassing topics like business leadership, finance, quality, safety, operational management, enterprise resource planning, personal effectiveness, functional and technical skills enhancement, and to ensure they are adequately prepared to meet the present and future demands of the industry.
Material Topic FY2023 Performance Perpetual Targets Increased average training hours per Maintain our commitment to training and skills employee to 35.2 hours upgrading for all employees Training and 100% of employees underwent Empower employees to meet their personal and Education annual performance appraisal professional development goals To achieve 100% of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews 2288 Sustainability Report 2023 wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg AEM Holdings Ltd. Diversity and Equal Opportunities In 2023, we served as a silver sponsor for the Singapore Semiconductor Industry Association (SSIA) flagship (GRI 405-1) event, the Semiconductor Women's Forum.
The forum brings together female industry leaders and AEM prides itself on being a workplace that not only entrepreneurs who have excelled in this industry to share values but actively fosters diversity, inclusion, and their experiences and career journeys.
The sponsorship equality.
Our strength lies in our ability to draw from a underscores our dedication to fostering an inclusive, diverse talent pool across various regions we operate in, adaptable, and dynamic semiconductor community.
and we are dedicated to enhancing our workforce with We find opportunities to feature our team members to individuals from varied genders, races, and nationalities.
share their stories and career experiences on various platforms, including magazine features, social media, Adhering to fair employment practices, our approach and our internal communications.
to hiring, training, and evaluating employees is solely based on their skills and competencies, ensuring no discrimination or bias.
We uphold a culture where mutual respect and dignity are paramount, and we maintain a zero-tolerance policy towards harassment and any form This initiative is vital for diversity and inclusivity of unlawful discrimination.
as it provides a platform for amplifying the voices and experiences of individuals within the Although the age distribution within our workforce has semiconductor industry, particularly women.
remained fairly consistent over time, there has been a notable enhancement in the gender balance at AEM throughout the years.
For FY2023, the proportion of female employees has been sustained at 52% of the workforce, maintaining the same level as in FY2022.
By showcasing our team members' stories and career journeys across various platforms such as magazines, social media, and internal communications, we not only celebrate their achievements but also inspire others who may be considering or pursuing careers in the field.
These personal narratives humanize the industry, breaking down barriers and stereotypes while highlighting the diverse talents and perspectives that drive innovation and progress.
We remain committed to championing diversity and empowerment within our company and the industry.
Material Topic FY2023 Performance Perpetual Targets Zero reported instances of Ensure equal opportunities and career progression discrimination in the workplace are made available and accessible to all employees regardless of gender, race, or age Diversity Maintained a relatively balanced and Equal gender diversity ratio of AEM's Encourage greater diversity in our workforce and achieve Opportunities workforce for FY2023 a fair representation of various diversity categories within AEM s governing body and senior management team wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg Sustainability Report 2023 2299 SOLIDIFYING RELATIONSHIPS WITH OUR STAKEHOLDERS Diversity and Equal Opportunities FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 Diversity within AEM's 1 (14%) 1 (14%) 1 (14%) Board of Directors Male 6 (86%) 6 (86%) 6 (86%) Female Diversity of AEM's 8 (13%) 14 (19%) 14 (19%) Management Male 55 (87%) 60 (81%) 60 (81%) Female Diversity of AEM's Professional 222 (32%) 349 (36%) 272 (32%) Male 473 (68%) 629 (64%) 591 (68%) Female Diversity of AEM's Operations & Support 669 (38%) 731 (40%) 578 (35%) 1,070 (62%) 1,100 (60%) 1,061 (65%) Male Female 30 Sustainability Report 2023 www.
aem.com.
sg AEM Holdings Ltd. Diversity and Equal Opportunities FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 Diversity within AEM's Board of Directors 7 (100%) 7 (100%) 7 (100%) Under 30 30-50 Over 50 1 (1%) 1 (1%) Diversity of AEM's Management 23 (37%) 32 (44%) 36 (49%) Under 30 40 (63%) 41 (55%) 37 (50%) 30-50 Over 50 Diversity of AEM's Professional 145 (21%) 181 (26%) 178 (18%) 255 (26%) 163 (19%) 241 (28%) Under 30 369 (53%) 545 (56%) 459 (53%) 30-50 Over 50 Diversity of AEM's 47 (3%) 65 (3%) 82 (5%) Operations & Support 456 (26%) 545 (30%) 560 (34%) Under 30 1,236 (71%) 1,221 (67%) 997 (61%) 30-50 Over 50 www.
aem.com.
sg Sustainability Report 2023 31 SOLIDIFYING RELATIONSHIPS WITH OUR STAKEHOLDERS Market Presence and Contribution Local Representation Employee Entry Wages in AEM s Leadership (GRI 202-2) (GRI 202-1) We believe our understanding of local needs is key to our We believe in strictly complying with the minimum wage success as a global leader in test innovation.
Therefore, legislation in each country where we operate directly.
we believe it is essential for us to ensure significant In FY2023, in countries with established minimum wage local representation within our senior management laws   namely Malaysia, China, Indonesia, United States team.
This not only reinforces our strong market of America, France, Republic of Korea, and Vietnam, presence but also amplifies the economic benefits to we ensured that all our entry-level employees were the local communities.
Our senior management team, compensated at least the minimum wage as set by local which includes general managers and above, consists authorities.
We ensure equal pay for male and female of individuals from various nationalities, with majority entry-level employees in these countries.
In regions being hired from the local community.
without minimum wage laws, such as Singapore and Finland, AEM offers competitive compensation and Number and Proportion of Senior benefits packages to our employees.
Management Hired from the Local Community By Region FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 Singapore 6 (100%) 5 (83%) 5 (100%) Malaysia (Penang) 1 (100%) 1 (100%) 1 (100%) China 1 (100%) 1 (100%) 0 (0%) Vietnam 2 (100%) 1 (50%) 0 (0%) Indonesia (Batam) 1 (100%) 0 (0%) 0 (0%) North and Central America 2 (100%) 2 (100%) 2 (100%) (the US and Costa Rica) Finland 1 (100%) 1 (100%) 1 (100%) France 1 (100%) 1 (100%) 1 (100%) Republic of Korea N.A. 2 (100%) 2 (100%) *N.A. as the subsidiaries in these countries have not been acquired or incorporated Material Topic FY2023 Performance Perpetual Targets Zero significant instances of non- Continue to adhere to minimum wage laws in compliance with all applicable countries we operate in labour laws Market Presence Maintain significant majority of senior management and Contribution hired from local communities 3322 Sustainability Report 2023 wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg AEM Holdings Ltd. Giving Back To The Community   Science Workshop: Organised a Science Workshop for children living in the nearby We are committed to being a socially responsible rental blocks in Jalan Kayu.
Through various fun organisation that positively impacts local communities activities and games, the Science Workshop through the active engagement of our global workforce.
hopes to encourage the children to be We actively encourage our employees to contribute interested in science.
to the community, whether through participation   Partnership with Intellect: Supporting employee in service projects, joining fundraising activities, or mental health through access to Intellect's making charitable donations.
resources on mental health.
Health Screening: Conducting health screenings Local Communities for employees, including neck spinal scans to check for any abnormalities.
(GRI 413-1)   Lunar New Year Celebration: Celebrating the Lunar New Year with festive food and At AEM, we recognise that our success is intertwined appearances by cultural mascots.
with the well-being of the local communities where we   CEI Bursary: Financially aiding deserving operate.
As part of our corporate social responsibility, undergraduates at Singapore Institute of we are committed to making a meaningful impact on Technology to pursue engineering degrees.
these communities.
Our efforts are geared towards   Mid-Autumn Celebration: Sharing mooncakes creating educational opportunities, promoting health among employees in appreciation of the Mid- and wellness, fostering a culture of appreciation and Autumn festival.
recognition, and supporting those in need.
Here,   Annual Health Checkup: Offering health we detail our initiatives that reflect our dedication to screenings for employees.
enriching the lives of community members globally:   Sports Day: Encouraging physical activity and   Coffee Chats with HR Director: Providing team building through sports competitions.
a forum for employees to voice workplace   Labour Safety Training: Educating on workplace concerns with HR Director, as well as enhancing safety, which saw a remarkable employee staff-management relationships.
turnout.
Jalan Kayu Cares Carnival: AEM was announced   Donation for Star Orphanage: Supporting as the Tech Partner for Jalan Kayu.
With this underprivileged children in Ho Chi Minh City collaboration, AEM aims to improve the math through charitable contributions.
and science literacy among underprivileged children residing in the community by hosting engaging workshops focused on science and mathematics.
Lunchtime Health Talk: Sharing insights on digital eye strain and offering complimentary eye pressure tests to promote vision health.
wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg Sustainability Report 2023 3333 SOLIDIFYING RELATIONSHIPS WITH OUR STAKEHOLDERS   Holiday Celebrations: Spreading joy with Christmas and Father s Day celebrations in France, Finland, and Costa Rica.
Long Service Recognition: Awarding medals from the Chamber of Finland to employees for their dedicated service.
Community Outreach: Donating to Sylva in Finland, assisting children and young people with cancer.
Employee Appreciation: Hosting birthday celebrations and an appreciation BBQ.
Toy for Tots Drive: Collaborating for a toy donation drive to bring joy to less fortunate children during the Christmas season.
Through these diverse initiatives, AEM manifests its pledge to be a beneficial presence within local communities, reinforcing our commitment to social responsibility and the collective prosperity of society.
Material Topic FY2023 Performance Perpetual Targets AEM significantly contributed to local To partner with charity organisations in communities through a series of health, improving the local communities  welfare education, safety, and well-being Local initiatives across various AEM sites, Pursue other means of giving back to our Communities fostering community engagement and community, in addition to cash donations social responsibility and sponsorships 34 Sustainability Report 2023 www.
aem.com.
sg AEM Holdings Ltd. Protecting Our Customers Our commitment to assisting customers in rapidly launching their next-generation products is underpinned by a focus on health and safety, customer confidentiality, and meeting our customer needs.
Our Quality Policy Statement, featured on our website, highlights our dedication to ongoing improvement Customer Health and Safety and excellence, with a special focus on ensuring the safety and satisfaction of our customers.
(GRI 416-1) AEM offers a range of key products and services, including handling solutions, Automated Testing Equipment test solutions, Precision Cables, and contract manufacturing services.
We maintain a uniform process across the Group for launching new products in the market.
This process mandates that all products pass validation compliance checks against specific health and safety standards relevant to the customer and region, such as SEMI-S2/S8 and CE compliance, before qualifying for shipment.
The health and safety impacts of all our products and services are thoroughly assessed through this procedure.
Since FY2019, there have been no significant incidents of non-compliance with any regulatory or voluntary codes relating to the health and safety impacts of our products and services.
Customer Privacy (GRI 418-1) We are dedicated to safeguarding the personal information of all our business associates, including suppliers, customers, colleagues, and other stakeholders.
We adhere to all applicable privacy and information security laws and regulations in the regions where we operate and strictly follow non-disclosure agreements with our business partners.
We vigilantly track any complaints related to breaches of customer privacy and loss of customer data.
We are proud to report that since FY2019, there have been no substantiated complaints regarding this matter.
Material Topic FY2023 Performance Perpetual Targets Zero significant incidents of non- Deliver quality products and services that fulfil compliance with regulations and/ statutory and regulatory requirements and satisfy or voluntary codes concerning the customers  needs Customer Health health and safety impacts of our and Safety products and services Zero substantiated complaints Maintain zero substantiated complaints and sustain concerning breaches of customer our efforts to safeguard customer privacy privacy and loss of customer data Customer Privacy www.
aem.com.
sg Sustainability Report 2023 35 TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES REPORT Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures The threat of climate change is a critical issue for our planet, with already noticeable changes in weather patterns and a rising occurrence of extreme weather events globally.
The 2023 Global Risk Report published by the World Economic Forum highlights the urgent necessity of tackling this issue to avert serious repercussions on societies, economies, and the environment in the upcoming 5-10 years.
At AEM, we are dedicated to playing our role by diminishing our carbon footprint and enhancing climate resilience throughout our business sectors.
This section of the report signifies our initial move towards fully adopting the TCFD recommendations for climate-related disclosures, a goal we intend to reach by FY2025.
The details on our TCFD implementation timeline, as we have adopted a phased approach, are as follows: YEAR 1 (FY2023) YEAR 2 (FY2024) YEAR 3 (FY2025) Governance Describe the governance structures, including Board oversight and management's role.
Strategy Identify the climate-related Scenario analysis with risks, opportunities, and quantitative outcomes.
impacts.
Risk Management Describe the processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate related risks and how this is integrated with the organisation's overall risk management.
Metrics and Compute and disclose Identify metrics used for the Identify targets in Targets AEM's major subsidiaries' assessment.
quantitative terms.
operational carbon footprint (Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions).
3366 Sustainability Report 2023 wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg AEM Holdings Ltd. Risk Management AEM has not yet officially integrated climate-related risks into our risk management framework but intends to do so by FY2025.
Metrics and Targets Acknowledging the significance of tracking the Group's performance in environmental material topics, we have incorporated the following climate- related metrics for disclosure in the earlier sections of this report: Governance   The total energy consumed, broken down by Please refer to the Corporate Governance section source, and the energy intensity ratio (refer of our Annual Report where AEM has included the to Energy GRI 302-1, 302-3, page 20) oversight of climate change risks and opportunities as   Scope 1 emissions, arising from Diesel usage part of the Audit and Risk Management Committee's   Scope 2 emissions, arising from Electricity responsibilities.
Usage (refer to Emissions GRI 305-1, 305-2, 305-4, page 21) We are committed to progressively enhancing the quality and completeness of our disclosures in subsequent reports.
Strategy We anticipate ongoing evolution in our climate strategy, based on identifying our physical and transition risks, and aiming to perform a more thorough analysis of climate-related risks and opportunities in the coming year.
To gain better insight into how resilient the Group's strategy is under various climate scenarios, we are planning a detailed climate-scenario analysis over the next two years, which marks a significant step in our journey of climate reporting.
www.
aem.com.
sg Sustainability Report 2023 37 APPENDIX - PEOPLE INDICATORS Social Performance : Employees Total Number of Employees (GRI 2-7) FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 Total Number of Employees 3000 By Employee Category 2,883 2500 2,576 Operations & Support 1,739 (70%) 1,831 (64%) 1,639 (64%) 2,497 Professional 695 (28%) 978 (34%) 863 (33%) 2000 Management 63 (2%) 74 (2%) 74 (3%) 1500 By Gender 1000 Male 1,204 (48%) 1,419 (49%) 1,233 (48%) Female 1,293 (52%) 1,464 (51%) 1,343 (52%) 500 By Age Group 0 Under 30 1,417 (57%) 1,477 (51%) 1,241 (48%) FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 30-50 850 (34%) 1,130 (39%) 1,056 (41%) Over 50 230 (9%) 276 (10%) 279 (11%) Employee New Hires Total 2,497 2,883 2,576 600 592 (21%) 500 Social Performance : Employment 434 400 (GRI 401-1) FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 398 (17%) (16%) Employee New Hires 300 By Gender 200 Male 263 (66%) 367 (62%) 235 (54%) 100 Female 135 (34%) 225 (38%) 199 (46%) By Age Group 0 FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 Under 30 190 (48%) 361 (61%) 265 (61%) 30-50 177 (44%) 188 (32%) 141 (33%) Employee Turnover Over 50 31 (8%) 43 (7%) 28 (6%) Total 398 (16%) 592 (21%) 434 (17%) 800 Employee Turnover 700 721 By Gender (28%) 600 Male 194 (57%) 307 (62%) 376 (52%) 500 Female 146 (43%) 185 (38%) 345 (48%) 492 400 (17%) By Age Group 300 340 Under 30 181 (53%) 230 (47%) 465 (64%) (14%) 200 30-50 130 (38%) 212 (43%) 193 (27%) Over 50 29 (9%) 50 (10%) 63 (9%) 100 Total 340 (14%) 492 (17%) 721 (28%) 0 FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 38 Sustainability Report 2023 www.
aem.com.
sg AEM Holdings Ltd. Social Performance : Occupational Health and Safety (GRI 403-9, 403-10) FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 Work-related injuries for all employees and workers Number of fatalities 0 0 0 Number of high-consequence 0 0 0 work-related injuries Number of recordable 0 4 2 work-related injuries Work-related ill health for all emloyees and workers Number of fatalities 0 0 0 Number of cases of recordable 0 0 0 work-related ill health Social Performance : Diversity and Equal Opportunities (GRI 405-1) FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 Diversity within AEM's Board of Directors By Gender Male 6 (86%) 6 (86%) 6 (86%) Female 1 (14%) 1 (14%) 1 (14%) By Age Group Under 30 0 (0%) 0 (0%) 0 (0%) 30-50 0 (0%) 0 (0%) 0 (0%) Over 50 7 (100%) 7 (100%) 7 (100%) Diversity within AEM's Management By Gender Male 55 (87%) 60 (81%) 60 (81%) Female 8 (13%) 14 (19%) 14 (19%) By Age Group Under 30 0 (0%) 1 (1%) 1 (1%) 30-50 23 (37%) 32 (44%) 36 (49%) Over 50 40 (63%) 41 (55%) 37 (50%) www.
aem.com.
sg Sustainability Report 2023 39 APPENDIX - PEOPLE INDICATORS Social Performance : Diversity and Equal Opportunities (GRI 405-1) FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 Diversity within AEM's Professional By Gender Male 473 (68%) 629 (64%) 591 (68%) Female 222 (32%) 349 (36%) 272 (32%) By Age Group Under 30 181 (26%) 255 (26%) 241 (28%) 30-50 369 (53%) 545 (56%) 459 (53%) Over 50 145 (21%) 178 (18%) 163 (19%) Diversity within AEM's Operations & Support By Gender Male 669 (38%) 731 (40%) 578 (35%) Female 1,070 (62%) 1,100 (60%) 1,061 (65%) By Age Group Under 30 1,236 (71%) 1,221 (67%) 997 (61%) 30-50 456 (26%) 545 (30%) 560 (34%) Over 50 47 (3%) 65 (3%) 82 (5%) Social Performance : Market Presence and Contribution (GRI 202-2) FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 Number and Proportion of Senior Management Hired from the Local Community By Gender Singapore 6 (100%) 5 (83%) 5 (100%) Malaysia (Penang) 1 (100%) 1 (100%) 1 (100%) China 1 (100%) 1 (100%) 0 (0%) Vietnam 2 (100%) 1(50%) 0 (0%) Indonesia (Batam) 1 (100%) 0 (0%) 0 (0%) North and Central America 2 (100%) 2 (100%) 2 (100%) (U.S.A. and Costa Rica) Finland 1 (100%) 1 (100%) 1 (100%) France 1 (100%) 1 (100%) 1 (100%) Republic of Korea N.A. 2 (100%) 2 (100%) *N.A. as the subsidiaries in these countries have not been acquired or incorporated 40 Sustainability Report 2023 www.
aem.com.
sg AEM Holdings Ltd. Total Training Hours Social Performance : Training and Education (GRI 404-1) FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 Total Training Hours 100000 90,799 By Gender 80000 86,492 Male 14,293 (52%) 17,976 (21%) 34,765 (38%) Female 13,176 (48%) 68,516 (79%) 56,034 (62%) 60000 By Employee Category 40000 Operations & Support 22,312 (81%) 75,758 (88%) 63,948 (70%) Professional 5,157 (19%) 10,461 (12%) 26,381 (29%) 20000 27,469 Management 0 (0%) 273 (0%) 470 (1%) 0 Total Hours 27,469 86,492 90,799 FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 Average Training Hours per Employee By Gender Employees Receiving Regular Male 11.9 12.7 28.2 Performance and Career Development Reviews Female 10.2 46.8 41.7 By Employee Category 3000 Operations & Support 12.8 41.4 39.0 2,883 Professional 7.4 10.7 30.6 2500 2,576 2,497 Management 0.0 3.7 6.4 2000 Overall Average 11.0 30.0 35.2 1500 (GRI 404-3) FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 1000 Employees Receiving Regular Performance and Career Development Reviews 500 By Gender 0 Male 1,204 1,419 1,233 FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 Female 1,293 1,464 1,343 By Employee Category Operations & Support 1,739 1,831 1,639 Professional 695 978 863 Management 63 74 74 Total Employees 2,497* 2,883* 2,576* *100% of employees underwent annual performance appraisal www.
aem.com.
sg Sustainability Report 2023 41 GRI CONTENT INDEX AEM Holdings Ltd. has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period 1 Statement of Use January 2023 to 31 December 2023 with reference to the GRI Standards.
GRI 1 used GRI 1 : Foundation 2021 GRI Standards Disclosure Title Page Reference General Disclosures 2-1 Organisational details 2 2-2 Entities included in the organisation's sustainability reporting 6 2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point 6 2-5 External assurance 6 2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships 2 2-7 Employees 38 2-9 Governance structure and composition 10 Annual Report: 2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body 37-38 Annual Report: 2-11 Chair of the highest governance body 36-37 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the 2-12 10 management of impacts GRI 2 : 2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts 10 General Disclosures 2021 2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting 10 Annual Report: 2-15 Conflicts of Interest 32-34 Annual Report: 2-16 Communication of critical concerns 45-47 2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body 10 Annual Report: 2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body 39 Annual Report: 2-19 Remuneration policies 39-43 Annual Report: 2-20 Process to determine remuneration 39-43 2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy 7 2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations 16 2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement 10-13 Material Topics 3-1 Process to determine material topics 13 GRI 3 : Material Topics 2021 3-2 List of material topics 14 Corporate Governance and Anti-Corruption GRI 3 : 3-3 Management of material topics 16-17 Material Topics 2021 GRI 205 : 205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 16-17 Anti-Corruption 2016 42 Sustainability Report 2023 www.
aem.com.
sg AEM Holdings Ltd. GRI Standards Disclosure Title Page Reference Economic Performance GRI 3 : 3-3 Management of material topics 17 Material Topics 2021 GRI 201 : Economic Performance 201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed 17 2016 Sustainable Supplier Management GRI 3 : 3-1 Process to determine material topics 19 Material Topics 2021 GRI 308 : Supplier Environmental 308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria 19 Assessment 2016 GRI 414 : Supplier Social 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria 19 Assessment 2016 Energy and Emissions GRI 3 : 3-3 Management of material topics 20-21 Material Topics 2021 302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation 20 GRI 302 : Energy 2016 302-3 Energy intensity 20 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 20 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 21 GRI 305 : 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 21 Emissions 2016 305-4 GHG emissions intensity 21 Waste Management GRI 3 : 3-3 Management of material topics 22 Material Topics 2021 306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts 22 GRI 306 : Waste 2020 306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts 22 306-3 Waste generated 22 Water Management GRI 3 : 3-3 Management of material topics 23 Material Topics 2021 GRI 303 : 303-5 Water consumption 23 Water and Effluents 2018 Employment GRI 3 : 3-3 Management of material topics 25 Material Topics 2021 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 25, 38 GRI 401 : Employment 2016 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to 401-2 25 temporary or part-time employees Occupational Health and Safety GRI 3 : 3-3 Management of material topics 26-27 Material Topics 2021 403-1 Occupational health and safety management system 26-27 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation 26-27 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on GRI 403: 403-4 26-27 occupational health and safety Occupational Health and Safety 2018 403-6 Promotion of worker health 26-27 403-9 Work-related injuries 26-27, 39 403-10 Work-related ill health 26-27, 39 www.
aem.com.
sg Sustainability Report 2023 43 GRI CONTENT INDEX GRI Standards Disclosure Title Page Reference Training and Education GRI 3 : 3-3 Management of material topics 27-28 Material Topics 2021 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 27-28, 41 GRI 404 : Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance 404-2 27-28 Training and Education programs 2016 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career 404-3 27-28, 41 development reviews Diversity and Equal Opportunities GRI 3 : 3-3 Management of material topics 29-31 Material Topics 2021 GRI 405 : Diversity and 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 29-31, 39-40 Equal Opportunity 2016 Market Presence and Contribution GRI 3 : 3-3 Management of material topics 32 Material Topics 2021 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to local 202-1 32 GRI 202 : minimum wage Market Presence 2016 202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from the local community 32, 40 Giving Back to the Community GRI 3 : 3-3 Management of material topics 33-34 Material Topics 2021 GRI 413 : Local Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, 413-1 33-34 Communities 2016 and development programs Customer Health and Safety GRI 3 : 3-3 Management of material topics 35 Material Topics 2021 GRI 416 : Customer Health Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service 416-1 35 and Safety 2016 categories Customer Privacy GRI 3 : 3-3 Management of material topics 35 Material Topics 2021 GRI 418 : Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy 418-1 35 Customer Privacy 2016 and losses of customer data 4444 SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy RReeppoorrtt 22002233 wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg TCFD CONTENT INDEX Page Reference/ Disclosure Focus Area Recommended Disclosure Remarks Governance Describe the board s oversight of climate-related risks and a. 10, 37 Disclose the organisation s opportunities.
governance around climate- related risks and opportunities.
Describe management s role in assessing and managing climate- b. 10 related risks and opportunities Strategy Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the a. organisation has identified over the short, medium, and long term.
Disclose the actual and As part of potential impacts of climate- reporting in related risks and opportunities Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on our phased b. on the organisation s the organisation s businesses, strategy, and financial planning.
approach, AEM businesses, strategy, and will be disclosing financial planning where such this in 2024 and Describe the resilience of the organisation s strategy, taking into information is material.
2025.
c. consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2 C or lower scenario.
Risk Management Describe the organisation s processes for identifying and assessing a. climate-related risks As part of reporting in Describe the organisation s processes for managing climate-related Disclose how the organisation b. our phased identifies, assess, and manages risks climate-related risks.
approach, AEM will be disclosing Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing this in 2025.
c. climate-related risks are integrated into the organisation s overall risk management.
Metrics and Targets Disclose the metrics used by the organisation to assess climate- a. related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk 37 management process.
Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse b. 37 manage relevant climate- gas (GHG) emissions and the related risks.
related risks and opportunities where such information is As part of material.
reporting in Describe the targets used by the organisation to manage climate- our phased c. related risks and opportunities and performance against targets.
approach, AEM will be disclosing this in 2025.
wwwwww..
aaeemm..
ccoomm..
ssgg Sustainability Report 2023 4455 4466 SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy RReeppoorrtt 22002232 www.
aem.com.
sg Published by AEM Holdings Ltd. For additional information about AEM, visit www.
aem.com.
sg Testing Innovation AEM Holdings Ltd. 52 Serangoon North Avenue 4 Singapore 555853 www.
aem.com.
sg Tel: +65 6483 1811 Fax: +65 6483 1822
