ASIAMEDIC LIMITED (Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) Company Registration No.
: 197401556E SUSTAINABILITY REPORT for the financial year ("FY ) ended 31 December 2023 ( FY2023 ) 1.
Board Statement The Board of Directors ( Board ) of AsiaMedic Limited ( Company  or  AsiaMedic ) reaffirms our commitment to sustainability with the publication of this sustainability report ( Report ) on insights of our strategies and initiatives in our sustainability journey under the sustainability pillars of economic, environmental, social, and governance (collectively referred to as  Sustainability Factors ).
The Board is committed to achieving a balance between growth, profit, the environment, the development of our people, governance, and well-being of our communities to secure long-term and sustainable growth for the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the  Group  or  We ).
In line with our commitment, the Board considered sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation, determine the key Sustainability Factors and overseen the management and monitoring of the key Sustainability Factors.
The needs of our key stakeholders, comprising communities, customers, employees, regulators, shareholders and suppliers, are an integral consideration in our sustainability framework.
To fulfil our key stakeholders  needs, we work closely with them, and their input drives our focus on our key Sustainability Factors.
We will continue to monitor, review and update our key Sustainability Factors regularly, taking into account the feedback that we receive from our stakeholders, organisational and external developments.
2.
Sustainability Performance at a Glance A summary of our key sustainability performance in FY2023 is as follows: Sustainability Performance indicator Sustainability pillar performance FY2023 FY2022 Economic Net profit (S$ million) 1.9 2.2 Environmental Total greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions 346 285 (tonnes CO e) 2 GHG emissions intensity (Scope 2) 0.018 0.021 (tonnes CO e / revenue S$ 000) 2 Social Number of non-compliance incidents of health and - - safety of products and services1 Employee turnover rate (%)2 13.7 23.5 Number of recordable work-related injuries - 1 Number of reported incidents of unlawful - - discrimination against employees3 Number of substantiated complains concerning - - breaches of data privacy and losses of personal data4 1 Refers to an incident whereby the relevant authority has completed an investigation which resulted in a penalty to a company.
2 Turnover is computed based on confirmed full-time employees.
3 Unlawful discrimination refers to an incident whereby the relevant authority has commenced investigation and resulted in a penalty to a company.
4 A substantiated complaint refers to a complaint that has been investigated by the Personal Data Protection Commission and violation of regulations has been established.
1 Sustainability Performance indicator Sustainability pillar performance FY2023 FY2022 Governance Number of incidents of serious offences5 - - 3.
Our Business We are a one-stop outpatient wellness, medical diagnostic imaging, family clinic and medical aesthetics service provider in Singapore.
Detailed information on our businesses and performance for FY2023 can be found in our Annual Report for FY2023 issued on 12 April 2024 (the  Annual Report  or  AR ), a copy of which has been disseminated on the SGXNet.
4.
Reporting Period and Scope This Report provides an overview of our sustainability performance for FY2023 (the  Reporting Period ).
It covers: (i) wellness assessment centre; (ii) diagnostic imaging centre; (iii) aesthetic clinic; and (iv) international clinic business units of the Group which contributed 100% (FY2022: 100%) of the Group s total revenue for the Reporting Period.
5.
Sustainability Reporting Framework This Report is prepared in accordance with Rules 711A and 711B of the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ( SGX-ST ) and with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative ( GRI ) Standards for the Reporting Period.
We choose to report using the GRI framework as it is an internationally recognised reporting standard that covers a comprehensive range of sustainability disclosures.
The GRI content index can be found in Section 14 of this Report.
As part of our continual efforts to align our sustainability reporting with relevant market standards, we mapped our sustainability efforts to the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development which is adopted by all United Nations Member States in 2015 ( UN Sustainability Agenda ).
The UN Sustainability Agenda provides a shared blueprint for peace and prosperity for people and the planet, now and into the future.
The 17 Sustainable Development Goals ( SDGs ) form an urgent call for action by all countries - developed and developing - in a global partnership.
We incorporated the SDGs, where appropriate, as a supporting framework to shape and guide our sustainability strategy.
Our climate-related disclosures are prepared based on the 11 recommendations of Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures ( TCFD ).
We relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy for this Report.
Internal review on the sustainability reporting process has been incorporated as part of our internal audit review cycle and we will work towards external assurance for our future sustainability reports.
6.
Feedback We welcome feedback from all stakeholders on this Report.
You may send related questions, comments, suggestions or feedback to our investor relations email account at finance@asiamedic.com.
sg.
7.
Sustainability Governance Structure The Board oversees and manages the direction, approach and performance of sustainability of AsiaMedic.
The Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) leads an executive level Sustainability Committee ( SC ) in monitoring and managing our sustainability practices while keeping the Board updated of the material developments.
Members of the SC comprise selected Heads of Department from the key business units and corporate functions in consolidating necessary performance data for this Report.
As part of our 5 A serious offence is defined as one that involves fraud or dishonesty involving an amount not less than SGD 100,000 and is punishable by imprisonment for a term of not less than two years, which is being or has been committed against the Company by officers or employees of a company.
2 continual efforts to upgrade the knowledge of our directors on sustainability reporting and to meet the requirement of listing rule 720 (6) of SGX-ST, we confirm that all our five directors attended the approved sustainability training courses.
Our sustainability governance structure and the responsibilities of component parties are detailed as follows: Board   Ultimately accountable for the oversight of key sustainability factors of the Group, including climate- related risks and opportunities   Reviews and approves sustainability strategy and targets, policies, and sustainability report (including materiality assessment process and outcome)   Ensures the integration of sustainability and climate-related risks and opportunities within the Group s enterprise risk management ( ERM ) framework   Monitors implementation of sustainability strategies, policies and performance against targets   Reviews the adequacy of the Group s internal controls systems and processes   Oversees the conduct of assurance activities pertaining to the Company s sustainability reporting processes SC (Executive level)   Develops sustainability strategy and policies and recommends revisions to the Board   Ensures the implementation of sustainability strategy is aligned across business segments and geographical locations   Evaluates overall sustainability risks and opportunities, including a focus on climate-related issues   Undertakes materiality assessment and review sustainability report prior to approval by the Board   Aligns practices on the ground with the organisation-wide sustainability agenda and strategy   Monitors sustainability activities and performance against targets Business Units Corporate Functions As we are still refining our sustainability related metric measuring, tracking and target setting mechanism, we will link SC s remuneration to sustainability performance when the mechanism is more mature and stable.
8.
Stakeholder Engagement Through an internal stakeholder mapping exercise, we identified key stakeholder groups which we prioritise our engagements with.
These include entities or individuals that have an effect on or are affected by the Group and our activities.
Our efforts on sustainability are focused on creating sustainable value for our key stakeholders, which comprise communities, customers, employees, regulators, shareholders and suppliers.
As a Group, we actively engage with all our key stakeholders.
Regular engagements are held through both formal and informal communication channels.
We actively engage our key stakeholders through the following channels: Stakeholder Engagement channel Frequency Key concern Communities   Sustainability report Ongoing   Corporate social responsibilities   Environmental initiatives Customers   Patient consultations As and when   Service standards   Feedback forms required   Value proposition   Customer hotline   Data protection 3 Stakeholder Engagement channel Frequency Key concern   Social media   Emails   Corporate website Employees   Induction and orientation As and when   Data protection programmes required   Employee compensation   On-the-job training and benefit   Town hall meetings   Equal employment   Meetings opportunity   Annual appraisal   Career development and   Continuous dialogue training opportunities   Exit interviews   Job security   Workplace health and safety Regulators   Emails As and when   Corporate governance   Telecommunication required   Regulatory compliance   Site visits   Workplace health and safety Shareholders   Financial statements and Half -yearly   Financial results relevant results   Market valuation   Annual general meeting Annually   Corporate governance   Corporate announcements/ As and when   Sustainable business Press releases required performance   Corporate website As and when required Suppliers   Meetings As and when   Information update and   Emails required feedback on their products   Telecommunication and services   Orders volatility Through the above channels, we seek to understand the views of our key stakeholders, communicate effectively with them and respond to their concerns.
9.
Policy, Practice and Performance Reporting A sustainability policy ( SR Policy ) covering our sustainability strategies, reporting structure, materiality assessment and processes in identifying and monitoring key Sustainability Factors is in place.
This SR Policy serves as a point of reference in the conduct of our sustainability reporting.
Under this SR Policy, we will continue to monitor, review and update our key Sustainability Factors from time to time, taking into account the feedback that we receive from our engagement with our stakeholders, organisational and external developments.
9.1 Sustainability Reporting Processes A sustainability report is published annually in accordance with our SR Policy.
Under our SR policy, our sustainability process begins with an understanding of the Group s context.
This is followed by the ongoing identification and assessment of the Group s sustainability-related impacts.
The most significant impacts are prioritised for reporting, and the result of this process is a list of key Sustainability Factors disclosed in this Report.
Process involved are as follows: Process Process description Context Understand the Group s context by considering its activities, business relationships, stakeholders, and sustainability context of all the entities it controls or has an interest in, including minority interests.
Identification Identify actual and potential impacts on the economy, environment, people and their human rights.
Rating Assess the pervasiveness of Sustainability Factors across the Group and cluster similar Sustainability Factors.
Prioritisation Prioritise the impacts based on their significance to determine the key Sustainability Factors for reporting.
4 Process Process description Validate Sustainability factors will be internally validated by leadership.
Review In each reporting period, review the key Sustainability Factors from the previous reporting period to account for changes in impacts which can result from feedback received from engagement with stakeholders, organisational and external developments.
9.2 Materiality Assessment We consistently refine our management approach to effectively respond to the dynamic shifts within the business landscape.
Aligned with the GRI standards, a cornerstone of our commitment is the undertaking of annual materiality assessment to ensure ongoing relevance and materiality of sustainability issues are addressed and disclosed within this Report.
The scope of materiality assessment encompasses both positive and negative, actual and potential impacts that may arise, and are based on: (i) the likelihood of occurrence; and (ii) their significance on the economy, environment, social aspects and contribution to sustainable development.
9.3 Performance Tracking and Reporting We track the progress of our material factors by identifying, monitoring and measuring the relevant data points.
In addition, we set performance targets that are aligned with our business strategies to ensure that we remain focused in our path to sustainability.
We aim to consistently enhance our performance- monitoring and data collection processes.
10.
Key Sustainability Factors In FY2023, a stakeholder engagement session6 and materiality assessment were conducted to understand the concerns and expectations of our key stakeholders.
Through this session and assessment, factors with significant impacts to the sustainability of our business were updated.
In this Report, we report on our progress in managing these factors and set related targets to improve our performance.
Presented below is a list of key Sustainability Factors applicable to the Group: S/N Key Sustainability Factors SDGs Key Stakeholders Economic 1 Customer Satisfaction Decent work and economic growth   Customers 2 Economic Performance Decent work and economic growth   Shareholders   Employees Environmental 3 Energy Consumption and Affordable and clean energy   Communities GHG Emissions Management 4 Waste Management Responsible consumption and   Communities production   Regulators Social 5 Customer Privacy Peace, justice and strong institutions   Customers 6 Employee Recruitment, Decent work and economic growth   Employees Retention and Development 7 Safe Working Environment Good health and well being   Employees 8 Diversity and Equality Reduced inequalities   Employees Governance 9 Corporate Governance Peace, justice and strong institutions   Shareholders   Regulators 10.1 Customer Satisfaction 6 The Company engaged its customers, suppliers and employees for the materiality assessment performed.
5 As a healthcare service provider, we are responsible for providing top-quality service and care which is safe with no unintended or unexpected harm, effective based on scientific knowledge, and customer- centred based on their values, preferences and expressed needs.
The main customers of our businesses include:   Outpatient wellness: corporates/companies who provide health screening benefits to their employees, government agencies for whom we undertake certain school/community health screening and health coaching activities on their behalf, and individual private patients;   Medical diagnostic imaging: medical clinics, medical practitioners and hospitals who refer their patients to us;   Medical aesthetics: individual private patients; and   General practice: treatment for common medical conditions to acute chronic illness.
We continuously reviewed our service levels as well as our operational processes for better efficiency and cost management.
While we recognise that delivering quality healthcare services while controlling costs is challenging, we are committed to deliver quality professional services and care at competitive prices as this is a value driver in healthcare delivery.
We ensure our service standards such as our ability to reschedule patients  appointments, capacity of our machines, reducing waiting time of patients, faster turnaround time, ability to provide multiple modalities and disciplines, and the quality of our consultations and services are continually met.
Our reputation as a respected and trusted provider of quality services and care at competitive prices will help us to attract and retain customers.
Providing the best service and care to our customers At AsiaMedic, we pride ourselves on providing our customers with the best service and care.
We are heartened that we received compliments from our appreciative patients, including those which were published in the media such as the following: Source: The Straits Times, January 2023 For FY2023, we have zero incident of non-compliance with the prevailing regulatory requirements (FY2022: zero).
10.2 Economic Performance Our economic performance will impact the level of direct economic value generated and distributed such as employees  wages and benefits, shareholders  dividends, and payments to the government.
We face stiff competition in the markets we operate in.
The Group s wellness and medical diagnostic imaging businesses continue to encounter competition largely on pricing while the Group s family clinic (catering mainly to the expatriate community) and medical aesthetics clinic operate in a fragmented market.
Competition is especially acute for our wellness and diagnostic imaging business and intensified over the years.
We compete locally for patients from the private sector such as medical practitioners who 6 established their own medical diagnostic imaging facilities as well as the public sector such as government hospitals and polyclinics.
Competition is localised as patients generally do not travel beyond their comfort zone for medical consultation and treatment.
We recognise that competing primarily based on pricing is unhealthy and will result in value destruction.
Accordingly, we strive to provide high-quality healthcare services to prevent further margin erosion.
Please refer to section 10.1 of this Report for further details on the customer satisfaction.
Despite the tough competition, we are committed to create sustainable value for our stakeholders.
In FY2023, we recorded a net profit of S$1.9 million (FY2022: S$2.2 million) and generated net cash from operations of S$2.8 million (FY2022: S$1.2 million).
Details of our economic performance can be found in pages 46 and 50 of our Annual Report.
10.3 Energy Consumption and GHG Emissions Management The Group acknowledges that our energy consumption and the resultant GHG emissions contribute to climate change.
Accordingly, we are committed to reduce our carbon footprint whilst open to capitalise on opportunities that may arise as we transit to become a low-carbon organisation.
We aim to reduce our environmental footprints and at the same time, establish operational resilience to deliver long-term and sustainable value to our key stakeholders.
We adopt a balanced approach in managing and minimising the impacts arising from our business operations effectively.
Decarbonisation Approach In order to achieve our decarbonisation goals, we set up a seven-step continuous circular process for our decarbonisation efforts as follows: Step Process Description 1 Establish baseline Define boundary, emission profiling and set baseline 2 Identify opportunities and set Identify opportunities to decarbonise and set targets for targets GHG emissions 3 Develop roadmap Evaluate opportunities based on cost-benefit considerations and develop roadmap 4 Report Incorporate decarbonisation strategy and performance in sustainability report 5 Execution Execute decarbonisation strategy 6 Assurance Conduct assurance on reporting process and/or performance 7 Refinement and improvements Re-establish and improve To run our operations, we rely mainly on electricity to run our imaging machines and for office essentials such as lighting, office equipment and air-conditioning (Scope 2 GHG emissions).
We do not generate material direct Scope 1 GHG emissions from our operations.
We track and monitor our Scope 2 and certain categories of Scope 3 GHG emissions closely and are developing mechanism to track our other categories of our scope 3 GHG emissions, where relevant and practicable.
We developed a climate change transition plan and will refine and improve our climate change transition plan as we progressively implement the plan, by considering changes in business operations, environment and market trends.
Progress updates and performance will be provided in our sustainability reports with assurance on the reporting process covered by an internal review.
Climate Change Transition Plan Our climate change transition plan steers us on our decarbonisation journey.
Under this strategy, we commit to reduce our absolute Scope 2 GHG emissions by 30% by 2035, with 2022 as our base year and the reporting boundary set in sustainability report FY2022 ( SR22 Reporting Boundary ).
Our climate transition strategy is focused on two strategic levers of reduce and neutralise as follows: 7 Details of our strategic levers are as follows: Lever Reduce Neutralise Description   Reduce absolute GHG emissions first within our Neutralise unavoidable operations and followed by our supply chain residual GHG emissions   Replace existing energy source with low or zero- carbon sources to reduce GHG emissions Focus area   Energy efficiency   Renewable energy - Machinery & Equipment certificates ( REC ) - Lighting   Carbon credits - Cooling - Electric vehicles   Clean energy We track and review spending on energy consumption regularly to control usage and take corrective actions when unusual consumption patterns are observed.
We continuously strive to improve our energy use and efficiency through the following initiatives and aspirations: Lever Key initiative Description Reduce Reduction in energy Our initiatives on this front include: consumption through   Maintaining machinery and equipment in good working efficient machinery condition to optimise energy efficiency; and equipment   Routine maintenance of air-conditioning systems to reduce air flow resistance; and   Adopting green work practices such as switching off appliances when not in use and enabling power saving modes.
Reduction in energy Our initiatives on this front include: consumption through   Using motion sensors in lighting systems where energy efficient lighting practicable; and   Optimising electricity efficiency by adopting energy- saving light emitting diode lightings and installing motion sensors in lighting systems where practicable.
Reduction through We constantly explore opportunities to use clean and/or switching to renewable renewable energy available in the locations that we operate energy source in.
Neutralise   REC We plan to explore the use of REC and carbon credits to   Carbon credits offset unavoidable residual GHG emissions when the relevant markets mature.
8 We are committed to responsible usage of energy in order to reduce GHG emissions and preserve the environment in which we operate in.
The conservation of energy reduces operational cost hence enhances returns to our shareholders.
We are dependent on energy resources mainly for electricity, which is utilised for lighting, office equipment and cooling.
Key statistics on electricity consumption and GHG emissions during the Reporting Period are as follows: Performance indicator Unit of measurement FY2023 FY2022 Energy consumption7 Electricity consumption kWh 830,232 707,054 Electricity consumption intensity kWh / revenue S$ 000 0.044 0.053 GHG emissions Total indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2)8 tonnes CO2e 346 285 GHG emissions intensity (Scope 2) tonnes CO e / 0.018 0.021 2 revenue S$ 000 The reduction in Scope 2 GHG emissions intensity was primarily due to an increase in our revenue and Scope 2 GHG emissions spread over a larger revenue base.
During the Reporting Period, we started tracking our Scope 3 emissions9 arising from, purchased goods and services (category 1) and employee commuting (category 7): Category Coverage Unit of FY2023 measurement Category 1: Purchased Potable water Cubic metre 0.918 goods and services Category 7: Employee Transportation of employees tonnes CO e 42.983 2 commuting between their homes and their worksites 10.4 Waste Management We believe that responsible waste management is critical to preserve the environment in which we operate in.
Accordingly, we are committed to improve the management of waste generated in our operations.
Due to the nature of our business, the waste generated during the course of our business are subjected to stringent environmental regulations and require proper disposal.
Internal policies and procedures established to ensure that regulatory requirements, such as guidelines on proper management of needle-sticks, bandages or other dressings, syringes and protective equipment (collectively referred to as  Medical Waste ), are in place and complied with.
During the Reporting Period, 100% of the Group s Medical Waste was disposed by waster collectors licensed by the National Environmental Agency (FY2022: 100%).
10.5 Customer Privacy In the course of providing our medical services, our patients trust us to collect, use and disclose their personal data appropriately.
We are fully committed to safeguard the privacy and confidentiality of such data including (but not limited to) how we handle, store and manage personal information of our customers, as well as transmit personal, confidential and proprietary information, such as customers  credit card details, over public networks in the course of our operations.
We are required to abide by the Personal Data Protection Act, which comprises various rules governing collection, use, disclosure and care of personal information.
We adopt the following measures to protect personal information: 7 Petrol consumption and the corresponding GHG emission (Scope 1) is not disclosed as they are not material.
8 GHG emissions from electricity purchased (Scope 2) are calculated based on the emissions factors published by the relevant authority.
9 FY2022 data is not available as it was not tracked previously.
9   Set up internal rules requiring our employees to maintain strict confidentiality of medical and personal data collected, used and disclosed in the course of our operations;   Publish the email address of our data protection officer on our Company s website to provide an avenue for reporting data breaches and answering of enquiries;   Implement appropriate information security and technical measures (such as firewalls and secure network protocols) to protect the personal data against loss; misuse; destruction; unauthorised alteration/modification, access, disclosure; or similar risks; and   Put in place reasonable and appropriate organisational structure and measures to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of our patients  personal data.
The data will only be shared with authorised persons on a  need to know  basis.
During the Reporting Period, there were no reported substantiated complaints concerning breaches of data privacy and losses of personal data (FY2022: nil).
10.6 Employee Recruitment, Retention and Development Our employees are our most valued asset as they are central to the services that we provide to our customers.
Our ongoing ability to recruit, retain, and develop qualified healthcare employees is therefore critical to us.
There is an exceptionally high demand in Singapore s healthcare industry for professional workers.
Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new talent, and to retain and motivate existing talent.
We may not be able to hire and retain a sufficient number of healthcare workers, and we expect that our costs for the salaries and benefits of healthcare workers will continue to increase for the foreseeable future because of the industry s competitive demand for their services.
We adopt the following practices to attract, retain and develop our employees:   Compensation and rewards system   We provide competitive packages based on merit and competency;   Working environment   We provide our employees with an environment which is receptive, friendly and conducive for our employees to work in;   Work-life integration   We provide work opportunities to employees whose family/life circumstances only allow them to take up part-time permanent employment;   Training   We recognise the importance of investing in our employees and we are committed to ensuring that our employees can realise their potential through a variety of training opportunities such as formal external seminars, conferences and on-the-job training; and   Constant dialogue   We hold regular dialogue and conversations with our employees, both individually and collectively, to engage them on their concerns and needs.
Key statistics on new hires and turnover2 of our full-time employees are as follows: New hires Performance indicator FY2023 FY2022 Number of New hires rate Number of New hires rate new hires new hires Overall New hires rate 42 27.1% 39 29.7% Gender Male 12 7.7% 7 5.3% Female 30 19.4% 32 24.4% Age Age under 30 10 6.5% 7 5.3% Age 30   50 29 18.7% 30 22.9% Age above 50 3 1.9% 2 1.5% 10 Turnover Performance indicator FY2023 FY2022 Number of Turnover rate Number of Turnover rate turnovers turnovers Overall Turnover rate 19 13.7% 29 23.5% Gender Male 4 2.9% 6 4.9% Female 15 10.8% 23 18.6% Age Age under 30 3 2.1% 4 3.2% Age 30   50 14 10.1% 24 19.5% Age above 50 2 1.5% 1 0.8% We place a high priority on developing the talents of our employees as we believe that well-trained employees are vital to the long-term success of our business.
To address skill gaps and help our employees achieve their career development goals, we regularly assess employees  training needs, and review our existing training initiatives for continued relevance.
Our training and development programmes mainly focus on learning and development related to job requirements which include the following:   Basic cardiac life support and automated external defibrillator ( AED );   Cardiopulmonary resuscitation and AED;   Radiation protection awareness;   Basic ionising radiation safety; and   Customer service excellence training.
Key statistics on training hours are as follows: Performance indicator FY2023 FY2022 Overall Total training hours 480 220 Average training hours per employee 3.3 1.8 Gender (Male) Total training hours 104 68 Average training hours per employee 3.5 3.4 Gender (Female) Total training hours 376 152 Average training hours per employee 3.2 1.4 Management Total training hours 8 48 Average training hours per employee 1.3 8.0 Non-management Total training hours 472 172 Average training hours per employee 3.4 1.4 Our employees  well-being is of vital to us.
We provide employee benefits for our employees and they which include medical insurance coverage, medical and dental benefit, and monetary gifts for celebrations or condolence gifts.
To promote a high-performance culture, an employee performance appraisal programme is in place to ensure that conversations setting expectations, are conducted.
We perform a year-end performance review for our employees, providing them with the opportunity to self-assess, provide feedback, and engage in competency discussions.
We are guided by our procedures and guidance on merit-based employee promotions, and salary revisions are subject to the performance of the entity they work for 11 and their individual performance, so as to motivate them in seeking continuous self-improvement and personal development.
Key statistics on the performance review are provided below: Performance indicator FY2023 FY2022 Overall 100% 100% Employee category Management 100% 100% Non-management 100% 100% Gender Male 100% 100% Female 100% 100% 10.7 Safe Working Environment A work environment that improves the well-being of employees and allows them to work safely without fear of getting injured could build loyalty amongst employees and support the sustainability of the Group.
Accordingly, we place heavy emphasis on creating a workplace that allows employees to perform and develop in a safe and healthy environment.
We take workplace health and safety seriously and aim to create and maintain a zero-accident workplace environment for our employees.
To achieve this, we implemented the following key measures:   A set of safety rules and regulations is in place;   Fire-fighting equipment and measures are installed and implemented.
Fire drills and equipment tests are also performed regularly; and   Workplace accidents are tracked and monitored regularly.
Key statistics on our work-related injuries and ill health cases are as follows: Performance indicator FY2023 FY2022 Number of fatalities - - Number of high-consequence work-related injuries - - Number of recordable work-related injuries - 1 Number of recordable work-related ill health cases - - 10.8 Diversity and Equality We continuously aim to provide and foster a fair and non-discriminatory working environment for our employees that respects social and cultural diversity, regardless of gender, age and educational background.
As at 31 December 2023, the total number of full-time employees in the Group is 138 (31 December 2022: 134) and part-time employees is 8 (31 December 2022: 2).
They are all based in Singapore.
Gender Diversity (%) On gender diversity, the percentage of female to total number of full-time employees is 80% (FY2022: 83%).
We also view diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting sustainable development and 2 (FY2022: 2) female Executive Directors out of 5 (FY2022: 5) Directors, equivalent to 40% (FY2022: 40%) of female representation on the Board as at 31 December 2023.
Age diversity (%) In relation to age diversity, matured workers are valued for their experience, knowledge and skill.
As at 31 December 2023, 17% of our workforce is above 50 years old (31 December 2022: 25%).
12 Key statistics on age diversity of our full-time employees are as follows: Performance As at 31 December 2023 As at 31 December 2022 indicator Below 30 30   50 Above 50 Below 30 30   50 Above 50 Overall 29% 54% 17% 24% 51% 25% Employee category Management -% 67% 33% -% 67% 33% Non-management 31% 50% 19% 26% 51% 23% Educational background diversity (%) On diversity in educational background, we seek to create an inclusive environment for employees from different educational background.
Our workforce is predominantly tertiary educated and such employees contribute to 66% of our total workforce as at 31 December 2023 (FY2022: 67%).
We invest continuously in our employees through the provision of training programmes.
Performance indicator 31 December 2023 31 December 2022 Tertiary Non-tertiary Tertiary Non-tertiary Percentage of employees by 66% 34% 67% 33% educational diversity To promote equal opportunity, we instituted various human resource related processes such as the following:   Employee recruitment advertisements do not state age, race, gender or religious preferences as employment requirements;   Regular performance reviews are conducted to allow for regular feedback opportunities and to motivate our employees to seek continuous self-improvement and personal development; and   To promote equal opportunities in the workplace, we provide opportunities for promising employees to attend relevant training programmes regardless of their background.
For FY2023, we have zero (0) reported incident of unlawful discrimination against employees3.
(FY 2022: nil incident).
10.9 Corporate Governance As the business landscape gets increasingly volatile, complex and fraught with uncertainties, it is essential to have in place a robust corporate governance framework to ensure the sustainability of the Group.
13 Accordingly, we align our corporate governance framework on internal controls and risk management with the Three Lines Model published by the Institute of Internal Auditors ( IIA ) as illustrated below: Source: Three Lines Model issued by the IIA Our risk management and internal control systems are designed to provide reasonable assurance of the achievement of objectives and form an integral part of our business decision-making process in delivering value for our stakeholders.
We also continue to be highly committed to the best practices of corporate governance which ensures a company s long-term sustainability, by adhering to the Singapore s Code of Corporate Governance.
Please refer to pages 13 to 36 of the Annual Report for a detailed discussion of our Corporate Governance practices.
Ethics and integrity are also of critical importance to us and we do not tolerate towards any form of bribery, corruption, fraud, money laundering and other financial crimes.
We strictly respect all prevailing anti-corruption legislations in all the countries that we operate in.
We are also aware that regulatory compliance is critical to protecting our brand and business, as well as fostering trust amongst our stakeholders.
As such, our employees are expected to conduct themselves in an honest, professional way in their daily roles and responsibilities and in dealing with both internal and external stakeholders.
To guide our employees, we established internal controls and written policies in the areas of employee code of conduct, conflict of interest, whistleblowing and anti-corruption.
These policies are also communicated to new employees.
Our whistle-blowing policy allows staff and other parties to report any matters that may be suspicious or concerns regarding business matters, from accounting, financial reporting, auditing, internal controls to business operations.
The whistle-blowing policy also provides procedures and practices to ensure concerns are investigated independently and followed up with the appropriate response.
All employees may report any irregularities anonymously or otherwise with confidence that they shall face no reprisal.
A set of guidelines for our employees is in place concerning the receiving and giving of gifts, entertainment, sponsorships and charitable contributions in the course of business.
In addition, our 14 Finance departments have strict oversight of payments and receipts with appropriate controls and procedures in place to monitor and prevent any irregular forms of payments and receipts.
In FY2023, there was no reported incident of serious offence (FY2022: none).
We also have no reported incident of non-compliance with the relevant legal and regulatory requirements (FY2022: none).
11.
TARGETS AND PROGRESS To measure our ongoing sustainability performance and drive continuous improvement, we developed a set of targets related to our key Sustainability Factors.
Our progress against these targets is reviewed and reported on an annual basis as follows: Legend Progress tracking New target Target achieved On track to meet target Not on track, requires review S/N Key Sustainability Factor Target10 Current year performance Economic 1 Customer Satisfaction Short-term Maintain zero non-compliance incident of health and safety of products and services 2 Economic Performance Ongoing and long-term Creating sustainable value for our stakeholders subject to market conditions 10 Time horizons for target setting are: (1) short-term: before FY2025; (2) medium-term: FY2025   FY2035; (3) long-term: after FY2035; and (4) ongoing: continuous time horizon.
15 S/N Key Sustainability Factor Target10 Current year performance Environmental 3 Energy Consumption and GHG Short term Emissions Management   Maintain or reduce Scope 2 GHG emissions intensity by FY2025 with FY2022 as our baseline Medium term   Reduce absolute Scope 2 GHG emissions by 30% and by FY2035, with FY2022 as our baseline 4 Waste Management Ongoing and long-term Maintain the proportion of our clinical waste to be disposed by licensed waste collectors at 100% Social 5 Customer Privacy Ongoing and long-term Maintain zero reported substantiated complaint concerning breaches of data privacy and losses of personal data 6 Employee Recruitment, Ongoing and long-term Retention and Development Maintain or improve our employee turnover rate, subject to market conditions 7 Safe Working Environment Ongoing and long-term Achieve zero incidents of work-related injury in FY2023 8 Diversity and Equality Ongoing and long-term Maintain zero incidents of unlawful discrimination against employees Governance 9 Corporate Governance Ongoing and long-term Maintain zero incidents of non- compliance with the relevant legal and regulatory requirements 12.
Supporting the SDGs The UN Sustainability Agenda provides a shared blueprint for peace and prosperity for people and the planet, now and into the future.
At its core are the 17 SDGs, which form an urgent call for action by all countries - developed and developing - in a global partnership.
We believe that everyone plays an important part in advancing sustainable development and we identified a number of SDGs which we can contribute to sustainability development through our business practices, products and services.
The SDGs that we focus on and the related Sustainability Factors are as follows: SDG Our effort Ensure healthy lives and Safe Working Environment promote well-being for all We implement measures to ensure a safe and secure at all ages working environment for our employees.
Ensure inclusive and Employee Recruitment, Retention and Development equitable quality We invest in training, education and development of education and promote our people to enhance our business competencies.
lifelong learning opportunities for all 16 SDG Our effort Ensure access to Energy Consumption and GHG Emissions affordable, reliable, Management sustainable and modern We implement measures to reduce our energy energy for all consumption as not only does it help to improve energy efficiency and reduce GHG emissions, it also helps us to reduce costs incurred to support our business operations.
Promote sustained, Customer Satisfaction inclusive and sustainable We place an emphasis on customer satisfaction as we economic growth, full and understand that a high level of customer satisfaction is productive employment essential to the continued success of our business.
and decent work for all This also helps to contribute to economic growth as well as the protection and creation of jobs Economic Performance We contribute to economic growth through creating long-term value for our stakeholders.
Reduce inequality within Diversity and Equality and among countries We create a diverse and inclusive workplace that will bring new perspectives to our business and strengthen our ability to overcome new challenges.
Ensure sustainable Waste Management consumption and We implement measures and initiatives to help prevent production patterns and reduce waste that is generated from our business operations.
Promote peaceful and Corporate Governance inclusive societies for We maintain a high standard of corporate governance sustainable development, to safeguard our shareholders  interest, maximise long- provide access to justice term shareholders  value and carry out business with for all and build effective, integrity by avoiding corruption in any form.
accountable and inclusive institutions at all levels Customer Privacy We maintain commercially reasonable physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect personal data in accordance with the requirements of data protection legislation.
13.
Supporting the TCFD We are committed to support the recommendations by the TCFD and disclosed our climate-related financial disclosures in the following key areas as recommended by the TCFD: Governance a. Describe the board s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities.
The Board oversees the management and monitoring of our Sustainability Factors and consider climate-related issues in determining the Group s strategic direction and policies.
b. Describe management s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities.
Our sustainability strategy is developed and directed by the SC in consultation with the Board.
The SC is led by the CEO and comprises selected Heads of Department from the key business units and corporate functions.
The Board advises the SC in reviewing our sustainability progress.
The responsibilities of the SC include considering climate-related issues in the development of sustainability strategy, target setting, as well as collection, monitoring and reporting of performance data.
Strategy a. Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organisation has identified over the short, medium, and long term.
17 b. Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation s businesses, strategy, and financial planning.
The climate-related risks and opportunities identified by the Group during a climate-related risk assessment exercise includes the following:   Enhanced emissions-reporting obligations - With rising concerns over the effects of climate change, key stakeholders such as the communities, customers, employees, regulators and shareholders may demand more climate-related information and detailed disclosure.
Failure to comply with the relevant climate reporting requirements may lead to adverse impacts on the Group s reputation and financial performance.
On the other hand, enhanced GHG emissions- reporting obligations raise climate awareness amongst our employees and with more defined job responsibilities and training, the Group will be in a better position to use energy resources responsibly and meet the rising needs and expectations of regulators and our shareholders on the environment;   Changes in customer preferences- With rising concerns over the effects of climate change, shifting consumer preferences for sustainable products that are less carbon intensive may arise especially amongst younger consumers.
A failure to adapt to shifting consumer preferences may adversely affect customer satisfaction, demand of our existing product offerings and the Group s financial performance.
Nevertheless, this encourages us to constantly source for sustainable and eco-friendly health products and supplements to renew and invigorate interests of new and younger customers; and   Increased severity of extreme weather events   Adverse changes in climate patterns such as rising temperatures and extreme weather events (such as floods and droughts) may disrupt supply chains and consequentially procurement delays and leads to general price increases and when vendors pass on regulatory costs such as carbon tax to the Group.
As a result, the Group may face adverse impacts on financial performance.
Conversely, this risk presented an opportunity for the Group to review and assess its value chain to reduce operating costs.
The Group s assessment on potential implications of the above climate-related risks was undertaken based a range of climate scenarios using the representative concentration pathway ( RCP ) adopted by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ).
Scenario Description IPCC RCP 2.6/1.5 C This scenario is in line with Paris Agreement to limit global warming to below 2 C by 2100 as a result of efficiency enhancements and behaviour changes as the key mitigation strategy.
IPCC RCP 8.5/4 C The  business-as-usual  scenario assumes that GHG emissions continue to rise with significant increases in global temperatures, as no concerted efforts are made to reduce GHG emissions.
We selected 1.5 C and > 4  C warming scenarios for the purpose of our inaugural qualitative climate scenario analysis.
The impact of the climate-related risks is analysed on group-wide activities in the short term (before FY2025), medium term (FY2025   FY2035) and long term (after FY2035) as follows: Warming scenario 1: 1.5 C warming (RCP 2.6) Risk Significance of financial impact11 Short term Medium term Long term Key transition risk identified Enhanced GHG emissions-reporting obligations Changes in customer preferences Key physical risk identified Increased severity of extreme weather events Warming scenario 2: > 4 C warming (RCP 8.5) 11 Significance of financial impact is determined based on the risk appetite established in accordance with the Group s ERM framework.
18 Risk Significance of financial impact Short term Medium term Long term Key transition risk identified Enhanced GHG emissions-reporting NA12 NA12 obligations Changes in customer preferences NA12 NA12 Key physical risk identified Increased severity of extreme weather NA12 NA12 events Legend Minor Moderate Major In terms of our business strategy and financial planning based on the scenarios above, we will continue to formulate adaptation and mitigation plans and explore allocating resources towards transitioning to low-carbon practices.
We strive to minimise the climate risks associated with our business and will seize opportunities in an effective manner such as expanding collaboration and partnership with key stakeholders to innovate and develop low carbon goods and services for the market.
c. Describe the resilience of the organisation s strategy, taking into consideration different climate- related scenarios, including a 2 C or lower scenario.
The resilience of an organisation's strategy is dependent on its ability to adapt and thrive in the face of changing circumstances and emerging risks.
The climate scenario analysis is crucial in providing insights on the potential extent of the climate-related risk exposure to our businesses as well as the potential opportunities.
Through our climate scenario analysis, we concluded that unmitigated climate risks (under warming scenario > 4 C warming) may result in a severe financial impact by FY2035.
Under the warming scenario 1.5, the vast majority of the impact will be attributable to transition risks from the cost increase from enhanced GHG emissions-reporting obligations.
To address the risks and capitalise on opportunities associated with climate change, we will continuously build on our strategy to remain resilient as we progress in our sustainability journey.
Risk management a. Describe the organisation s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks b. Describe the organisation s processes for managing climate-related risks.
c. Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organisation s overall risk management.
An ERM framework is in place to guide the Group in the identification, analysis and evaluation of risks, implementation of risk treatment plans and continuous monitoring of risks.
The Group s climate related risks and opportunities are identified and assessed during an ERM exercise.
The climate-related risks and their related opportunities and treatment plans are also reviewed and updated during the ERM exercise and are presented to the Audit and Risk Management Committee along with the other key risks of the Group.
We also manage our climate-related risks by monitoring the trend of climate-related performance indicators.
12 Not applicable as this scenario is unlikely in the short and medium-term.
19 Metrics and targets a. Disclose the metrics used by the organisation to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process.
We track, measure and report on our environmental performance, including energy, GHG emissions and waste management and disclose related metrics in our sustainability report.
Monitoring and reporting these metrics help us in identifying areas with key climate-related risks and enabling us to be more targeted in our efforts.
b. Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 GHG emissions and the related risks.
To support the climate change agenda, we disclose our Scope 27 GHG emissions in this Report and set climate-related targets such as those related to GHG emission and waste management We recognised the importance of monitoring our indirect Scope 3 GHG emissions and since started tracking and disclosing indirect Scope 3 GHG emissions from purchased goods and services (category 1) and employee commuting (category 7) in FY2023.
We aim to review our Scope 3 GHG emissions to better track and disclose our material Scope 3 GHG emissions and expand the reporting coverage of our Scope 3 GHG emissions on categories relevant to the Group and where data is available.
c. Describe the targets used by the organisation to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets.
As a commitment towards mitigating climate change, we set climate-related targets related to waste management, GHG emissions.
For further details, please refer to the section  11 Targets and Progress .
20 14.
GRI CONTENT INDEX Statement of AsiaMedic Limited has reported with reference to the GRI Standards for the period use from 1 January to 31 December 2023.
GRI 1 used GRI 1: Foundation 2021 GRI Standard Disclosure Location and Omissions General Disclosures GRI 2: General 2-1 Organisational details AR 2   3, AR 11   12, AR 51 Disclosures 2-2 Entities included in the organisation s AR 11, 2 2021 sustainability reporting 2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact AR 12, 2 point 2-4 Restatements of information None 2-5 External assurance 2 2-6 Activities, value chain and other business AR 2   3, AR 7   8, 2 relationships 2-7 Employees 12 2-8 Workers who are not employees We have approximately 90 casual workers who were not employees as at 31 December 2023.
They were mainly health screening assistants.
2-9 Governance structure and composition AR 4   6, AR 17   21, 2   3 2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest AR 20   21 governance body 2-11 Chair of the highest governance body AR 4, AR 19, 2   3 2-12 Role of the highest governance body in AR 13   14, AR 34, 1   3 overseeing the management of impacts 2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing AR 14, 1   3 impacts 2-14 Role of the highest governance body in 2   3 sustainability reporting 2-15 Conflicts of interest AR 29   30, 14   15 2-16 Communication of critical concerns AR 28, AR 30   31, 14   15 2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest AR 18   19, 2   3 governance body 2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the AR 22   24 highest governance body 2-19 Remuneration policies AR 22   25 2-20 Process to determine remuneration AR 22   25 2-21 Annual total compensation ratio Information is not provided due to confidentiality constraints 2-22 Statement on sustainable development 1 strategy 2-23 Policy commitments 4   5, 9   10, 13   15 2-24 Embedding policy commitments 4   5, 9   10, 13   15 2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts AR 28, AR 30   31, 13   15 2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and AR 28, AR 30   31, 13   15 raising concerns 2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations 13   15, AR 26   28 2-28 Membership associations None 2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement 3   5 2-30 Collective bargaining agreements None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements.
Material Topics GRI 3: Material 3-1 Process to determine material topics 3   5 Topics 2021 3-2 List of material topics 5 21 GRI Standard Disclosure Location and Omissions 3-3 Management of material topics 6   15 Sustainable Business Performance GRI 201: 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and 17   19 Economic opportunities due to climate change Performance 201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other AR 83 2016 retirement plans Corporate Governance GRI 205: Anti- 205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to 13   15 corruption 2016 corruption 205-2 Communication and training about anti- 13   15 corruption policies and procedures 205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and 13   15 actions taken Energy and GHG Emissions Management GRI 302: Energy 302-1 Energy consumption within the 9 2016 organisation 302-2 Energy consumption outside of the 9 organization 302-3 Energy intensity 9 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 7   9 302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of 7   9 products and services GRI 305: 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 9 Emissions 2016 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG 9 emissions 305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 9 305-4 GHG emissions intensity 9 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 7   9 305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances Disclosure is not applicable as we (ODS) do not emit a material amount of these emissions through our products, services and operations 305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides Disclosure is not applicable as we (SOx), and other significant air emissions do not emit a material amount of these emissions through our products, services and operations Waste Management GRI 306: Waste 306-1 Waste generation and significant waste- 9 2020 related impacts 306-2 Management of significant waste-related 9 impacts Employee Retention GRI 401: 401-1 New employee hires and employee 10   11 Employment turnover 2016 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees 10   12 that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees Employee Health and Safety GRI 403: 403-1 Occupational health and safety 12 Occupational management system Health and 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, 12 Safety 2018 and incident investigation 403-8 Workers covered by an occupational 12 health and safety management system 403-9 Work-related injuries 12 403-10 Work-related ill health 12 Development and Training 22 GRI Standard Disclosure Location and Omissions GRI 404: 404-1 Average hours of training per year per 11   12 Training and employee Education 2016 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills 11   12 and transition assistance programs 404-3 Percentage of employees receiving 11   12 regular performance and career development reviews Diversity and Equality GRI 405: 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and 12   13 Diversity and employees Equal Opportunity 2016 GRI 406: Non- 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective 13 discrimination actions taken 2016 This report has been reviewed by the Company's Sponsor, Xandar Capital Pte Ltd
It has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this announcement.
The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Pauline Sim (Registered Professional) at 3 Shenton Way, #24-02 Shenton House, Singapore 068805.
Telephone number: (65) 6319 4954.
23
