INDEPENDENT LIMITED ASSURANCE REPORT To: The Directors of AstraZeneca Plc Introduction and objectives of work Bureau Veritas UK Limited ( Bureau Veritas ) has been engaged by AstraZeneca Plc ( AstraZeneca ) to provide limited assurance over sustainability metrics reported in its Sustainability Data Annex 2023 (the  Data Annex ).
This Assurance Report applies to the related information included within the scope of work described below.
Scope of work Subject to exclusions listed below, the scope of our work was limited to assurance over select information within the Data Annex for the period 1st of January to the 31st of December 2023 (the  Selected Information ).
Access to healthcare: o People reached by access to healthcare programmes (cumulative, million): Total people reached (all current and historic programmes) o Health facilities activated (cumulative): Total (all current and historic programmes) o Healthcare workers trained (cumulative): Total (all current and historic programmes) o Young Health Programme (cumulative): Peer educators trained; Healthcare workers and other trained o Affordability: People reached by Patient Access Programmes (cumulative, million); Product donation through Patient Assistance Programmes (USD, million) o Philanthropy: Disaster relief product donation (total US wholesale acquisition cost value in USD, million); Total community investment (USD, million); Non-profit organisations funded by AstraZeneca   Environmental protection: o Scope 1, 2 and other greenhouse gas emissions (tonnes CO e): Scope 1   Total; Scope 2   Market 2 based; Scope 1 & 2   Total; Scope 1 & 2   Intensity (tCO e per million USD of revenue); Scope 1   2 F-gas emissions (100yr GWP); Scope 1   F-gas emissions (20yr GWP); Scope 2   Location based; Outside of scopes (CO e of biological origin) 2 o Road fleet: Total vehicles; Percentage of hybrid vehicles; Percentage of vehicles that are Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicle (PHEV); EV100: Battery electric vehicles o Energy management: Total energy use (MWh); EP100: Energy productivity (million US dollars of revenue per GWh energy consumption); Renewable energy use   electricity and heat; RE100: Renewable electricity use; Onsite self-generated renewable electricity   on-site solar PV (MWh); Onsite self-generated renewable electricity   Biomethane (MWh); Imported electricity   renewable o GHG Protocol Scope 3 category (tonnes CO e): Category 1 Purchased goods and services; 2 Category 2 Capital goods; Category 3 Fuel and energy related (not Scope 1 or 2); Category 4 Upstream transportation and distribution; Category 5 Waste generated in operations; Category 6 Business travel; Category 7 Employee commuting; Category 8 Upstream leased assets; Category 9 Downstream transportation and distribution; Category 10 Processing of sold products; Category 11 Use of sold products; Category 12 End-of-life treatment of sold products; Category 13 Downstream leased assets; Category 14 Franchises; Category 15 Investments; Total Scope 3 o GHG Protocol Scope 3 category: Scope 3 intensity (tCO e per million USD of revenue) 2 Bureau Veritas UK Ltd Telephone: 0845 600 1828 Bureau Veritas Registered Office 5th Floor www.
bureauveritas.
co.
uk Suite 206 66 Prescot Street Fort Dunlop London E1 8HG Registered in England 1758622 Fort Parkway Birmingham B24 9FD o Supply chain engagement (% spend with verified SBTs): Category 1 Purchased goods and services Category 2 Capital goods; Category 4 Upstream transportation and distribution; Category 6 Business travel o Safe active pharmaceutical ingredients (API discharges): Safe API discharges for AstraZeneca sites; Safe API discharges from suppliers o Resource efficiency: Total syntheses that meet resource efficiency target at launch o Product value chain environmental impact: Paper-based product packaging materials supplied from sustainable sources o Water use within site water footprint, excluding non-contact cooling water: Total (million m3); Chemical oxygen demand   effluent leaving our sites (tonnes); Sites in water stewardship programme o Waste management: Total waste (tonnes) o Non-hazardous waste (tonnes): Total non-hazardous waste; Non-hazardous waste recycled; Non- hazardous waste landfill o Hazardous waste (tonnes): Total hazardous waste; Hazardous waste recycled; Hazardous waste to landfill o Investing in nature: AZ Forest: Trees planted o Compliance summary: Financial penalties relating to Prosecution, Enforcement actions, warning/alerts, Other environmental compliance matters, Awaiting regulator outcome or AstraZeneca investigation ongoing, Significant environmental violations (USD)   Ethics and transparency: o Business ethics: Active employees trained on Code of Ethics; Percentage of employees who feel we have a  speak up  culture; Concerns reported through the company helpline in commercial regions (per thousand employees); Employees terminated or asked to leave due to non-compliance in commercial regions (per thousand employees) o Clinical trials transparency (all cumulative): Studies shared with external research teams; Requests we responded to from external researchers using our clinical trails portal; Publicly available trial summaries; Clinical document packages published by EMA and Health Canada o Political donations: Contributions to U.S. national political organisations, state-level political party committees and to campaign committees (USD, million) o Responsible supply chain: Total supplier assessments; High-risk supplier audits; Percentage of suppliers by spend assessed by EcoVadis; Percentage of suppliers by spend assessed by EcoVadis that achieve >45 o Animal use standards: Total number of animals o Human biological samples: Active projects using hFT o Inclusion and diversity: Women representation of AstraZeneca employees; Women in management   Senior Middle management; Women representation on Senior Executive Team (SET); Women representation on Board of Directors; Ethnic minority representation for US employees; Percentage of employees age <30; Percentage of employees age 30-50; Percentage of employees age >50 o Workforce safety and health: Total reportable injury rate (per million hours worked) (employees); Collisions (per million kilometres driven); Occupational illness rate (per million hours worked) (employees); Lost time injury rate (per million hours worked) (employees); Lost time injury rate (per million hours worked) (construction contractors); Fatalities (employees); Fatalities (contractors) Bureau Veritas UK Ltd Telephone: 0845 600 1828 Bureau Veritas Registered Office 5th Floor www.
bureauveritas.
co.
uk Suite 206 66 Prescot Street Fort Dunlop London E1 8HG Registered in England 1758622 Fort Parkway Birmingham B24 9FD o Employee satisfaction: Employee perception of AstraZeneca as a  Great Place to Work  survey score o Employee recruitment and retention: Total amount spent on upskilling employees (USD, million); Total learning hours; Average learning hours; Voluntary employee turnover   recent hires; Voluntary employee turnover   total; Employee turnover rate o Product safety: Total FDA recalls; Total FDA observations; Total FDA inspections; Total inspections from all health authorities Reporting Criteria The Selected Information has been prepared in accordance with the AstraZeneca defined criteria and methodologies, available at the following locations: Sustainability Data Reporting Criteria 2023: https://www.
astrazeneca.com/content/dam/az/Sustainability/2024/pdf/Sustainability-Data-Reporting-Criteria-2023.
pdf Greenhouse Gas Methodologies 2023: https://www.
astrazeneca.com/content/dam/az/Sustainability/2024/pdf/Greenhouse-Gas-Methodologies-2023.
pdf Limitations and Exclusions Excluded from the scope of our work is the verification of information relating to:   Data for the Healthy Lung programme for 2021, which feeds into the cumulative 2023 numbers of  Healthcare workers trained (cumulative): Total (all current and historic programmes)  and the reported millions of  people reached through Access to Healthcare programmes .
Activities outside the defined verification period;   Positional statements (expressions of opinion, belief, aim or future intention by AstraZeneca) and statements of future commitment;   Financial data taken from the Data Annex and in some cases feeding into the calculation of Selected Information as these are audited by an external financial auditor.
This includes but is not limited to any statements relating to production, sales, revenue and financial investments;   Other information included in the Data Annex other than scope defined above.
The following limitations should be noted:   This limited assurance engagement relies on a risk based selected sample of sustainability data and the associated limitations that this entails.
The reliability of the reported data is dependent on the accuracy of data collection and monitoring arrangements at market/site level, and it should be noted that not all the Selected Information was sampled at site level as part of this assurance.
This independent statement should not be relied upon to detect all errors, omissions or misstatements that may exist.
Bureau Veritas UK Ltd Telephone: 0845 600 1828 Bureau Veritas Registered Office 5th Floor www.
bureauveritas.
co.
uk Suite 206 66 Prescot Street Fort Dunlop London E1 8HG Registered in England 1758622 Fort Parkway Birmingham B24 9FD Responsibilities The preparation and presentation of the Selected Information in the Data Annex is the sole responsibility of the management of AstraZeneca.
Bureau Veritas was not involved in the drafting of the Data Annex.
Our responsibilities were to:   Obtain limited assurance about whether the Selected Information has been appropriately and accurately prepared;   Form an independent conclusion based on the assurance procedures performed and evidence obtained; and   Report our conclusions to the Directors of AstraZeneca.
Assessment Standard We performed our work to a limited level of assurance in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 Revised, Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information (effective for assurance reports dated on or after December 15, 2015), issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board.
Summary of work performed As part of its independent verification, Bureau Veritas undertook the following activities: 1.
Conducted interviews with relevant personnel of AstraZeneca at both Corporate and site levels; 2.
Carried out three virtual site audits, at the following sites: Dublin College Park - Ireland, Gothenburg   Sweden, Mt.
Vernon - USA.
We also carried out two physical site visits at Macclesfield (UK) and Dunkirk (France).
Sites were selected on the basis of a risk-based approach following discussion with Bureau Veritas and AstraZeneca, with consideration of contribution to assured data, geographical distribution and type of operations; 3.
Reviewed the data collection and consolidation processes used to compile the Selected Information, including assessing assumptions made, the data scope, and reporting boundaries; 4.
Agreed a selection of the Selected Information to the corresponding source documentation; 5.
Reviewed additional documentary evidence provided by AstraZeneca; 6.
Reperformed a selection of aggregation calculations of the Selected Information; 7.
Assessed the disclosure and presentation of the Selected Information to ensure consistency with assured information.
A 5% materiality threshold was applied to the assurance of the Selected Information.
It should be noted that the procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for, a reasonable assurance engagement.
Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed.
Conclusion On the basis of our methodology and the activities and limitations described above, nothing has come to our attention to indicate that the Selected Information is not fairly stated in all material respects.
Telephone: 0845 600 1828 Bureau Veritas Registered Office Bureau Veritas UK Ltd www.
bureauveritas.
co.
uk Suite 206 5th Floor Fort Dunlop 66 Prescot Street Registered in England 1758622 Fort Parkway London E1 8HG Birmingham B24 9FD Statement of Independence, Integrity and Competence Bureau Veritas is an independent professional services company that specialises in quality, environmental, health, safety and social accountability with over 190 years history.
Its assurance team has extensive experience in conducting verification over environmental, social, ethical and health and safety information, systems and processes.
Bureau Veritas operates a certified1 Quality Management System which complies with the requirements of ISO 9001:2015, and accordingly maintains a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards, quality reviews and applicable legal and regulatory requirements which we consider to be equivalent to ISQM 1 & 22.
Bureau Veritas has implemented and applies a Code of Ethics, which meets the requirements of the International Federation of Inspections Agencies (IFIA)3, across the business to ensure that its employees maintain integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality, professional behaviour and high ethical standards in their day-to-day business activities.
We consider this to be equivalent to the requirements of the IESBA code4.
The assurance team for this work does not have any involvement in any other Bureau Veritas projects with AstraZeneca.
Bureau Veritas UK Limited Registered in England & Wales, Company Number: 1758622 Registered Office: Suite 206 Fort Dunlop, Fort Parkway, Birmingham, B24 9FD London 1st February 2024 REF: 19677428_SDA_v1.0 1 Certificate available on request 2 International Standard on Quality Management 1 (Previously International Standard on Quality Control 1) & International Standard on Quality Management 2 3 International Federation of Inspection Agencies   Compliance Code   Third Edition 4 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants Telephone: 0845 600 1828 Bureau Veritas Registered Office Bureau Veritas UK Ltd www.
bureauveritas.
co.
uk Suite 206 5th Floor Fort Dunlop 66 Prescot Street Registered in England 1758622 Fort Parkway London E1 8HG Birmingham B24 9FD
