HAW PAR CORPORATION LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 Contents 1.
Reader s Guide   2 2.
Sustainability Governance  ..
3 3.
Stakeholder Engagement  .
5 4.
Materiality Assessment  .
6 5.
ESG Sustainability Review   7 6.
Contributions to United Nations Sustainable Development Goals ..
..
11 7.
GRI Content Index  .
14 8.
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures ( TCFD ) Index .
.
.
18 1 1.
READER S GUIDE 1.1 About Haw Par Corporation Limited Haw Par Corporation Limited (the  Company , together with its subsidiaries, the  Group ) is a multinational group which has been listed on the Singapore Exchange since 1969.
The Group is an enterprise with a strong consumer healthcare business, offering a range of healthcare products that promote a healthy lifestyle.
The largest contribution to the healthcare business comes from our brand Tiger Balm.
With a wide range of products available in over 100 countries, Tiger Balm is arguably one of the world s leading and most versatile topical analgesic brands.
Besides the consumer healthcare business, the Group also engages in the leisure business and holds significant investments in securities and properties.
1.2 Report Scope Our approach and governance for sustainability is set out on our company website: www.
hawpar.com/sustainability/our-approach.
html The Sustainability Report 2023 continues to outline our practices with a focus on performance data and commentary of our material Environmental, Social and Governance ( ESG ) issues from 1 January 2023 till 31 December 2023 ( FY 2023 ).
We have maintained the focus of our seventh report on our Healthcare business, which contributes 92% of our revenue and 54% of total revenue and other income.
Information and data relate mainly to our operations in Singapore where we are headquartered.
In addition, we have also provided qualitative information on our largest asset segment, Investment.
1.3 Methodology This report has been prepared in compliance with Listing Rule 711A and 711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ( SGX-ST ), and with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Standards ( GRI  Standards) and the Task Force for Climate-Related Financial Disclosures ( TCFD ) as set out in Listing Rule 711B on a  comply or explain  basis (other than as required under Listing Rule 711B(2)).
We continue to take steps to fully integrate the TCFD recommendations in our report.
The Company has chosen the GRI Standards as it is the most established international sustainability reporting standard.
In this report, we focus on the key material issues for our business.
Please refer to the GRI Content Index on page 14 and the TCFD Index on page 18 for relevant references.
The Sustainability Report is published annually as part of our Report to Shareholders and is available on our website.
Our sustainability reporting process for Sustainability Report 2023 has been subject to internal review by the internal audit function.
We have not sought external assurance for our Sustainability Report 2023 but may consider it in the future.
We welcome feedback from our stakeholders on this report at: sustainability@hawpar.com 2 2.
SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE 2.1 Board Statement The Sustainability Steering Committee ( SSC ), consisting of senior management and led by the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ), evaluates sustainability efforts and priorities within the Group.
The SSC, chaired by the Group s Chief Sustainability Officer ( CSO ), reports through the CEO to the Board, which has considered sustainability issues as part of its overall strategy formulation and has determined the ESG factors identified as material to the business of the Group.
The Board oversees the management and monitoring of these ESG factors.
All Board members have also undergone training on sustainability matters to equip themselves with the right knowledge to lead the Company towards sustainability.
2.2 Risk Management While the Group s current risk management process already takes into account overall business risks, the Risk Management Committee also keeps abreast of specific emerging risk trends such as climate- related risks.
In 2022, the SSC formed the Climate Change Sub-Committee, chaired by the CSO and comprising senior representatives of business divisions, as well as corporate functions including Chief Financial Officer, Company Secretary, General Managers (Marketing), General Manager (Manufacturing), Head (Quality & Regulatory Affairs), and Corporate Communications/Investor Relations Manager, to monitor market and regulatory related developments on climate reporting requirements in respect of their fields of business that are in accordance of the Group s Risk Management Policy and consistent with the recommendations of TCFD.
On a biannual basis, the SSC Chair issues a questionnaire to the Climate Change Sub-Committee members as a guide for regular review of climate related potential impact on the Group s operations and business, and initiates discussions on issues with potential impact if any.
The SSC submits identified, assessed and treated climate related risks to the Risk Management Committee for review via the Risk Management Annual Review exercise.
The Risk Management Committee reports to the Audit and Risk Committee and the Board twice a year on risk management activities and attestation undertaken.
In 2023, the SSC conducted an initial risk assessment concerning climate-related risks and their potential impact.
The assessment was reviewed by the Risk Management Committee and  Climate- related Risks  was entered into the Group s Risk Register for annual review.
The Audit and Risk Committee and the Board were updated about Climate-related Risks being added as a new risk under the Enterprise Risk Management framework.
Disclosure of climate-related risks and opportunities will be a consideration for our future reports, following a more extensive and in-depth risk assessment.
The Risk Management Committee continues to assess the materiality of ESG and related risks to the Group as the ESG landscape continues to evolve.
3 Figure 1: Haw Par s sustainability governance structure 4 3.
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT Haw Par s approach hinges on the commitments to our key stakeholders who are identified based on the significance of their respective impacts on the organisation.
We believe communication with relevant stakeholders is vital to the long-term success of our businesses.
The basis for determining who is considered a key stakeholder is understanding our value chain and thus identifying whom Haw Par has an impact on and which stakeholders have an impact on our businesses.
Our Key Forms of Engagement Key Topics Stakeholders   One-on-one meetings   Marketing and distribution Business Associates   Local and overseas conferences   Manufacturing and product quality   Site visits   Supply and logistics   Email and phone communication   Value-chain management   Financials   Business opportunities   Market conditions   Regulatory landscape   Goals determination and work   Learning and development Employees plans   Work-life balance   Seminars and training sessions,   Promoting teamwork including induction program for   Work safety awareness new staff   Productivity measures   Email messages from management   Safety briefings (for on-site employees)   Annual Performance appraisals   C ommunity engagement activities   Continuity of community projects and Communities engagement with local welfare organisations   Environmental care   Email and phone communication   Compliance Regulators   Formal applications and approvals   Permits and licences   Regulatory landscape   AGM / EGM   Company performances Investors   One-on-one IR meetings   Future directions   Email and phone communication   SGXNET announcements   Corporate website   Social media   Product efficacy Consumers   Tiger Balm global website   Product safety   Consumer surveys   Product usage   Feedback form   Product availability   Email and phone communication 5 4.
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT The Board of Directors and Management validated the material topics for the 2023 report and determined that the material topics identified in our 2022 Materiality Assessment are still relevant to the Company s business and stakeholders in 2023.
Additionally,  Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions  was identified as a new material topic to be tracked separately due to increasing expectations from regulators to disclose such data.
Our materiality assessments are performed periodically to reassess the relevance of our material topics.
Our first materiality assessment was conducted in 2017, and a refreshment was carried out in 2022.
Our materiality assessments are aligned with the GRI standards and supported by background research on peers and industry trends.
They serve to facilitate our identification of material ESG topics significant to our businesses and stakeholders.
We worked with an independent consultant who guided us through the GRI four-step materiality assessment approach   identification, prioritisation, validation and review.
This process included reviewing our strategy and policy commitments, assessing risks and regulatory requirements, and engaging with internal and external stakeholders to strategically focus on the relevant material topics that have a high level of importance to the business in the coming years.
In total, we identified and prioritised the 7 material ESG topics in 2022 and added  GHG Emissions  as an additional topic in 2023, listed below under Tier 1 and Tier 2.
These ESG topics are relevant to Haw Par s Healthcare and Investment businesses.
We intend to review these material topics on a regular basis, particularly when there are significant changes in the Company's business environment and strategic outlook.
Figure 2: Haw Par s materiality matrix 6 5.
ESG SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW Focus Objective / Policies, Performance and Practices Targets* *Disclosure of medium-term and long-term targets in the context of business strategies and financial performance will be a consideration for our future reports, following a more extensive and in-depth ESG sustainability review.
Tier 1 Material Topics Economic To ensure the Performance Group is in good in SGD '000 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019* financial health and is poised for Direct Economic sustainable Value Generated: 395,488 295,082 229,468 217,867 360,453 generation of Revenues shareholder value.
Economic Value 259,695 215,345 189,821 169,480 434,017 Distributed Economic Value 135,793 79,737 39,647 48,387 (73,564) Retained * In 2019, we paid out 142% of our full year earnings as dividend (including special dividend) to mark the company's 50th anniversary.
Continual brand investment across all markets.
Continual product development for targeted markets.
Exercise due care and discipline in investment and expenditures.
Compliance To have an   The Board Diversity Policy is described in the Corporate Governance Report section and Good effective, in Haw Par s Annual Report.
Governance transparent and   High standard of corporate governance set by the Board promotes clarity and robust governing accountability.
platform at the   Internal audit of different business units and functions carried out throughout the year.
Group that   Risk management review carried out quarterly.
ensures long-term   Internal Audit reports independently to the Audit and Risk Committee.
values are always   Sustainability Steering Committee comprising senior representatives from in check.
different business units and functions addresses sustainability issues concerning the Group.
Target/s for 2024   Code of Business Conduct undertaken by every employee requires strict adherence to the Code in all business dealings, including but not limited to anti- Disclosure on corruption policies, prohibition of anti-competitive conduct, conflicts of interest maintaining a and disclosure of confidential information.
record of business   Strong ethical stance on anti-corruption and preference to work with practices free of organisations that have a strong corporate governance structure.
corruption   The Group s anti-corruption policies have been communicated to staff.
Whistle Blowing Policy in place to address issues in confidence.
Abide by the laws and resolutions of every country in which we operate.
Being part of the corporate governance process of the target company is a pre- requisite for direct investment.
We did not incur any significant monetary fines or sanctions for any non- compliance with operational regulatory requirements or environmental conditions of our operations in 2023.
7 Focus Objective / Policies, Performance and Practices Targets*   We did not incur any significant fines for non-compliance with laws and regulations concerning the provision and use of products and services in 2023.
We maintained a record of business practices free of corruption and anti- competitive behaviour in 2023.
Haw Par received the SIAS Most Transparent Company Award (Healthcare)   Winner in 2023.
Product Quality To ensure that   Customer health and safety is a strong value that Haw Par Healthcare upholds.
and Safety safety is never   Keep abreast with the latest development via regular engagement with compromised in stakeholders such as regulatory bodies, marketing authorisation holders, any part of our distributors, suppliers and consumers to maintain a high standard of Product Quality and Safety.
value chain as any   Maintain the manufacturing standards by ensuring a valid GMP (Good repercussion can Manufacturing Practices) certification for our production premises and facilities.
bring harm to the   Conduct periodic customer satisfaction survey and evaluate feedback to keep the long-term value of product quality and safety in check.
the Group.
Develop KPIs and collect the relevant data to monitor the achievement of these objectives routinely.
Every aspect of the value chain from procurement and inspection of raw materials Target/s for 2024 to shipment of finished goods goes through stages of checks in accordance with Disclosure on any stringent GMP.
material product   In 2023, there was no material product recall that arose due to non-compliance recall arising from with product labelling or product quality / safety failure.
product labelling   Maintain the ISO 9001 QMS which entails the critical review of management, or product quality development, manufacturing, marketing and distribution processes.
/ safety failure.
Occupational To ensure that the   Commitment to the safety of our people and of those we work with.
Health and Group s   Our Quality, Environmental, Health and Safety (QEHS) Policy outlines that we Safety manufacturing provide suitable training, instructions, and information about work procedures unit remains free such that workers can carry out their jobs safely and effectively.
Annual review of safety practices and performance.
from risk to   In the collective agreement, Haw Par Healthcare Singapore and the Union agreed employees, or any to co-operate and undertake to work together on workplace safety.
Internally, we other persons on have established a safety committee and the Union is able to provide feedback to our premises.
the committee directly.
Monthly meetings are held by the safety committee.
Regular sessions to remind employees of safety practices were conducted by Target/s for 2024 supervisors, executives and safety committee members.
Subject matter included proper usage of equipment, types and uses of issued safety personal items, fire and Disclosure on rate safety practices and other safety concerns arising from observations of daily of recordable walkabouts.
work-related No.
of Haw Par Healthcare Singapore employees in the safety committee injuries 2023: 15 2022: 12 2021: 13   Work-related injuries 2023 2022 2021 Recordable work-related injuries+ 5 8 6 No.
of Injuries Fatalities as a result of work-related injury 0 0 0 No.
of fatalities +For all cases of work-related injuries, the individual is provided with immediate aid according to our standard operating procedures.
For any injuries reported, the safety officer will prepare an investigation report, consisting of mainly the details of accidents and corrective action plan which is presented during the Workplace Safety, Fire and Health Committee meetings to raise awareness and minimise the likelihood of similar accidents occurring again.
8 Focus Objective / Policies, Performance and Practices Targets* The work-injury incidents were reported to the Singapore Ministry of Manpower (MOM).
None of the injuries were permanent and there was no further action from MOM.
All cases considered closed.
In 2023, there were no workers with high risk of diseases related to their occupation.
Tier 2 Material Topics Labour To identify   Employee satisfaction and development are key success factors.
Practices and employees  work   We are supportive of working parents, and family care leave is available to our Issues motivation employees.
(including work-   Our stance on human rights   more specifically fair labour practices and non- life balance) and discrimination is made clear to employees through our Code of Business Conduct.
The Company undertakes to provide a safe and healthy work environment for the the conditions in employees and other persons at work in accordance with applicable laws and the environment regulations, including but not limited to adhering to minimum legal age for supporting such employment and adhering to guidelines for fair employment practices.
motivation in   Our local practices are in our Employee Handbook, which is readily available in the order to make Group s intranet.
further   Statistics and trends that warrant attention are monitored for appropriate improvements.
measures.
Training budgets are allocated to ensure continual talent development.
Whistle Blowing Policy in place to address issues in confidence.
Target/s for 2024   The Company values its employees and recognises the integral role that unions play Disclosure on in safeguarding the interests of its employees.
We regularly consult with our Union number of and seek the amicable resolution of issues in a manner that is constructive, open training hours per and beneficial to all parties involved.
employee by   There were no incidents of discrimination or corrective actions taken in 2023.
gender   Employee at Haw Par Healthcare Singapore   Breakdown by Employment Contract and by Gender.
Contract / Gender Permanent Temp Total++ Male 122 1 123 Female 180 14 194 Total 302 15 317 ++ Variants from prior years due to net recruitment/attrition   In 2023 our employees each received an average of 1.9 training hours.
Percentage of employees at the manufacturing division of Haw Par Healthcare Singapore covered by a collective bargaining agreement: 2023 2022 2021 67% 65% 77% Supply Chain To guide and   Committed to an ethical and accountable procurement process that maintains encourage integrity and fairness.
corporate social   Supplier Code of Business Conduct aims to integrate our sustainability principles responsibility across our supply chain, and aims to positively influence the environmental, social and governance performance of our suppliers.
across our supply   A vendor assessment is carried out for all contract manufacturers and suppliers chain.
based on product specifications and defined criteria.
Products are tested by qualified and competent laboratories.
Target/s for 2024   Once our key suppliers meet Haw Par Healthcare s quality standards and regulatory requirements such as GMP certification for drug licence or ISO, they are subject to Disclosure on Haw Par Healthcare s audits.
percentage of   We continually engage critical suppliers to remain updated on approved supplies new suppliers that of raw materials (our largest suppliers are in Asia).
9 Focus Objective / Policies, Performance and Practices Targets* were screened for   In line with Haw Par Healthcare s policy, supplier audits are scheduled every three compliance with years for our key suppliers.
local labour law   We generally screen our new suppliers for compliance with local labour law.
Foreign regulatory bodies visit and audit our raw material suppliers.
Developed a sustainable supply chain strategy in 2022 based on a review of the existing standard operating processes as well as insights drawn from leading industry practices.
Our sustainable supply chain strategy includes enhancing and implementing additional policies and procedures to strengthen our internal system.
Established an implementation roadmap which outlines our key actions up till 2026 to guide us through our vision of building a supply chain network that progressively embeds ESG considerations where practicable and reasonable throughout the lifecycle of our products.
Environment To minimise our   We are committed to operating in an environmentally responsible and sustainable environmental manner for the health of our communities and planet.
footprint through   We strive to monitor, manage and optimise use of resources in our operations to efficient use of minimise impact on environment.
resources.
We continually develop and improve our systems and processes to enhance environmental sustainability in our operations.
We comply with all relevant environmental legislation in all countries in which we Target/s for 2024 operate.
We have embarked on an internal exercise to calculate our greenhouse gas Conduct Scope 1 ( GHG ) emissions to develop a sense of awareness.
GHG profiling and Scope 3 GHG screening Haw Par Healthcare - Singapore 2023 2022 2021 Incidents of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations Nil Nil Nil Energy consumption within the Organisation (MWh) 3,969.98 3,232.56 3,197.5 Purchased Grid Electricity GHG Emissions** Scope 2 GHG emissions (tCO2e) 1,654.7 1,347.3 1,306.2 Water withdrawal from third-party water source (megalitre) 16.29 10.75 8.0 Water discharge (megalitre) 11.24 7.42 5.24 Water consumption (megalitre) 5.05 3.33 2.76 Note: Our manufacturing plants are powered by electricity, which we purchased from the grid.
Data reported is only for Haw Par Healthcare s operations in Singapore and is extracted from utility bills issued by local municipal authorities.
Our Scope 2 GHG emissions are computed based on the GHG Protocol and emission factor published by the Energy Market Authority of Singapore.
We note that the historical 2021 Operating Margin Grid Emission Factor published by the Energy Market Authority of Singapore has been revised based on updated data from the licensees.
In our commitment to accurate reporting, we have restated our 2021 and 2022 Scope 2 GHG emissions to align with the most updated emission factors.
We are reporting location-based energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions.
Haw Par is also working towards calculating its GHG Emissions according to a selected consolidation approach per the GHG Protocol and aims to further refine its carbon profiling approach in 2024 onwards.
**Haw Par began tracking GHG Emissions as a new material topic in 2023.
We started measuring and monitoring our Scope 2 GHG emissions in 2022.
However, for comparison purposes, we have calculated and disclosed our Scope 2 GHG emissions data for the past three years.
10 6.
CONTRIBUTIONS TO UNITED NATIONS SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS Haw Par has a long history of contributing to local communities in regions where it conducts its business.
As we bring health and wellbeing to the people we serve through our innovative products and solutions, we are also committed to giving back to society and upholding environmental protection and conservation.
We believe that no one should be constrained from leading an active life, and sports is a force for wellbeing and empowerment.
With this view, Haw Par adopted the Singapore Disability Sports Council ( SDSC )   the national sports body for the disabled in Singapore as our charity partner in 2015 and we have since been supporting athletes of the SDSC.
In 2023, we donated $120,000 to fund the Boccia Team, Tiger Balm National Boccia Championships, Tiger Balm WeHeartBoccia Community Outreach, National Youth Para Athletics Championships, National Youth Para Swimming Championships, and the Singapore Disability Sports Awards.
Our staff also volunteered their time at events as score keepers and ushers, and showed support by spectating to cheer the athletes on.
Our continuous support for the Boccia athletes even through the challenging Covid times, have helped enabled them to achieve impressive performances on the regional and global stage.
Just to name a few, Jeralyn Tan, now ranks second in the world for BC1 category, and Aloysius Gan and Yan Jia Yi were gold medalists for BC3 category at the inaugural World Boccia Youth Championships 2023.
The athletes of SDSC are role models of resilience and a source of inspiration to us and society.
Our support for para sports goes beyond Singapore s borders.
In France, Tiger Balm promoted inclusive sports at the Marathon Du Beaujolais where Tiger Balm Sports Ambassadors joined the Family Run to show support for runners from our charity partner Tous Cap   an association that provides opportunities for people with mental and associated disabilities to participate in sports.
At Haw Par, we believe that our contributions to para sports would enable more people to live active and healthier lives.
In India, our community support efforts are focused on initiatives to advance basic maternal and child health in regions that have limited access to healthcare.
We aim to improve the health and wellbeing of women and children by working with the charities   Apnalaya and Public Health Technologies Trust ( PHTT ).
Our donations have benefitted over 3,000 direct beneficiaries and 8,000 indirect beneficiaries from Apnalaya, and equipped PHTT healthcare frontline workers with the technology and tools to conduct pregnancy screenings.
For the year under review, our commitment extended to new causes this year.
At the Haw Par Group level, we supported the Lee Kuan Yew Centennial Fund as a tribute to Mr Lee and to nurture future leaders of Singapore.
Tiger Balm s sponsorship also went towards the Jade Kwan SHINE Gospel Charity Concert 2023 that raised funds for the POP s Foundation and Orphanage in China.
We also donated Tiger Balm products to various charitable and cultural projects.
As a company that contributes to the health and wellbeing of our consumers, we are cognizant that we can only be as healthy as the planet we live on and continually explore ways to contribute to biodiversity conservation and education.
11 The tiger and leopard are the namesakes of Haw Par and our founders.
As such we have been sponsoring the Malayan Tiger Exhibit and the Leopard Exhibit at the Night Safari and the Singapore Zoo since 1995 and 1986 respectively.
In 2021, we further extended our sponsorship through our adoption of the twin Malayan tiger cubs born at Night Safari.
This was the first successful birth of the critically endangered Malayan tiger at the attraction in 23 years.
The animals we adopt serve as ambassadors for their wild counterparts, helping to raise awareness on the need to protect wildlife and their natural habitats.
In 2023 we continued our sponsorship to support the protection of these animals which are listed among the most endangered species on Earth.
To further share this message with a wider audience, we published social media posts celebrating International Tiger Day on 29 July 2023.
Our conservation efforts extend from land to sea as we reaffirm our Blue Mission commitment to inspire, educate and conserve.
This is largely achieved through Underwater World Pattaya which showcases various species of aquatic life as a living classroom for our guests to experience the wonders of the aquatic worlds and be inspired to protect them.
Educational programmes, such as school tours and  Living in the Ocean Sleepover  with sharks and rays at the iconic underwater tunnel, continue to be key avenues in delivering our conservation messages.
Underwater World Pattaya also supports Earth Hour and on 25 March 2023, put up online posts and onsite posters to encourage staff and guests alike to join in and take action against climate change.
We have been supporting this annual environmental event since 2009.
For FY2023, we have reaffirmed our commitment to our environmental causes through actions such as continuing to increase the recycled content in our packaging materials for Tiger Balm products.
Since 2011, we have switched to using paper with recycled paper content for our boxes for majority of our Tiger Balm products.
We are continuously working with our vendors to reduce the usage of packaging materials.
We will continue to explore ways to incorporate the 3Rs of Reduce, Reuse, Recycle into our business operations, as we source for efficient solutions to minimise our environmental footprint.
The United Nations adopted 17 Sustainable Development Goals in 2015 to achieve sustainable development for all by 2030.
Haw Par contributes to five of the goals.
12 People and the Community 2023 highlights Row 1: Supporting Specially-abled Athletes in Singapore and France (left to right) Brian Loo, Group General Manager of Haw Par Corporation, presenting the cheque of $120,000 to Singapore Disability Sports Council; Boccia athletes Aloysius Gan and Toh Sze Ning won the bronze medal for BC3 Pair category at the ASEAN Para Games 2023; Inclusive Family Run at the Marathon Du Beaujolais in France supported by Tiger Balm.
Photos: SDSC / SNPC / Tous Cap Row 2: Delivering Health and Wellbeing to Communities (left to right) Supporting active ageing activities in Singapore through donation of Tiger Balm products; Empowering mothers in India through support for charities providing maternal and child health services; Promoting health at an orphanage in China through support for a charity concert.
Photos: AMKFSC / Apnalaya / POP s Foundation Row 3: Supporting Biodiversity Conservation through Promoting Awareness (left to right) Tiger Balm continues the adoption of twin Malayan tiger cubs born at Night Safari; Educating and motivating the young to protect our oceans through school programmes at Underwater World Pattaya.
Photo: Mandai Wildlife Reserve / Underwater World Pattaya 13 7.
GRI CONTENT INDEX Statement of Use Haw Par has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period of 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 with reference to the GRI Standards.
GRI 1 used GRI 1: Foundation 2021 GRI Disclosure Title Page Reference Standard General Disclosures 2-1 Organisational details Reader's Guide, pg.
2 Annual Report: Corporate Profile, pg.
1, Corporate Information, pg.
12, Tiger Balm   Global Player, pg.
18 2-2 Entities included in the organisation s Reader's Guide, pg.
2 sustainability reporting 2-3 Reporting period, frequency and Reader's Guide, pg.
2 contact point 2-4 Restatements of Information GHG Emissions, pg.
10 2-6 Activities, value chain and other Reader's Guide, pg.
2 business relationships Annual Report: Operations Review, pg.
16 There were no significant changes to our supply chain in 2023.
2-7 Employees ESG Sustainability Review: Labour Practices and Issues, pg.
9 2-9 Governance structure and composition Annual Report: Board of Directors, pg.
8, Corporate Information, pg.
12 2-10 Nomination and selection of the Annual Report: Corporate Governance Report, pg.
34 highest governance body 2-11 Chair of the highest governance body Annual Report: Board of Directors, pg.
8 2-12 Role of the highest governance body in Sustainability Governance, pg.
3 overseeing the management of impacts Annual Report: Corporate Governance Report, pg.
34 2-13 Delegation of responsibility for Sustainability Governance, pg.
3 managing impacts Annual Report: Corporate Governance Report, pg.
34 14 2-14 Role of the highest governance body in Materiality Assessment, pg.
6 sustainability reporting 2-15 Conflicts of interest Annual Report: Corporate Governance Report, pg.
34 2-16 Communication of critical concerns Annual Report: Corporate Governance Report, pg.
34 2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest Sustainability Governance, pg.
3 governance body 2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the Annual Report: Corporate Governance Report, pg.
34 highest governance body 2-19 Remuneration policies Annual Report: Corporate Governance Report, pg.
34 2-20 Process to determine remuneration Annual Report: Corporate Governance Report, pg.
34 2-22 Statement on sustainable development CEO Statement, Company Website: strategy www.
hawpar.com/sustainability/our-approach.
html 2-23 Policy Commitments ESG Sustainability Review: Compliance and Good Governance, pg.
7-8, Labour Practices and issues, pg.
9 Annual Report: Corporate Governance Report, pg.
34 2-24 Embedding policy Commitments ESG Sustainability Review: Compliance and Good Governance, pg.
7-8, Labour Practices and issues, pg.
9 Annual Report: Corporate Governance Report, pg.
34 2-25 Processes to remediate negative Annual Report: Corporate Governance Report, pg.
34 impacts 2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and Annual Report: Corporate Governance Report, pg.
34 raising concerns 2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations ESG Sustainability Review: Compliance and Good Governance, pg.
7-8 2-28 Membership associations We do not have memberships that are strategic or beyond routine dues in 2023.
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement Stakeholder engagement, pg.
5 Annual Report: Corporate Governance Report, pg.
34 Our Approach, Company Website: www.
hawpar.com/sustainability/our-approach.
html 2-30 Collective bargaining agreements ESG Sustainability Review: Labour practices and issues, pg.
9 15 Material Topics 3-1 Process to determine material topics Materiality Assessment, pg.
6 Our Approach, Company Website: www.
hawpar.com/sustainability/our-approach.
html 3-2 List of material topics Materiality Assessment, pg.
6 Our Approach, Company Website: www.
hawpar.com/sustainability/our-approach.
html Economic Performance 3-3 Management of material topics ESG Sustainability Review, Economic Performance, pg.
7 Annual Report, Operations Review, pg.
16 201-1 Direct economic value generated and ESG Sustainability Review, Economic Performance, pg.
7 distributed Compliance and Good Governance 3-3 Management of material topics ESG Sustainability Review, Compliance and Good Governance, pg.
7-8 205-2 Communication and training about ESG Sustainability Review, Compliance and Good anti-corruption policies and procedures Governance, pg.
7-8 205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and ESG Sustainability Review, Compliance and Good actions taken Governance, pg.
7-8 206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive ESG Sustainability Review, Compliance and Good behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly Governance, pg.
7-8 practices Product Quality and Safety 3-3 Management of material topics ESG Sustainability Review, Product Quality and Safety, pg.
8 417-2 Incidents of non-compliance ESG Sustainability Review, Product Quality and Safety, pg.
8 concerning product and service information and labelling Occupational Health and Safety 3-3 Management of material topics ESG Sustainability Review, Occupational Health and Safety, pg.
8-9 403-4 Worker participation, consultation and ESG Sustainability Review, Occupational Health and Safety, communication on occupational health pg.
8-9 and safety 16 403-5 Worker training on occupational health ESG Sustainability Review, Occupational Health and Safety, and safety pg.
8-9 403-9 Work-related injuries ESG Sustainability Review, Occupational Health and Safety, pg.
8-9 403-10 Work-related ill health ESG Sustainability Review, Occupational Health and Safety, pg.
8-9 Labour Practices and Issues 3-3 Management of material topics ESG Sustainability Review, Labour Practices & Issues, pg.
9 404-1 Average hours of training per year per ESG Sustainability Review, Labour Practices & Issues, pg.
9 employee by gender, and by employee category 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and ESG Sustainability Review, Labour Practices & Issues, pg.
9 corrective actions taken Supply Chain 3-3 Management of material topics ESG Sustainability Review, Supply Chain, pg.
9-10 414-1 New suppliers that were screened ESG Sustainability Review, Supply Chain, pg.
9-10 using social criteria Environment (Water / Energy / GHG Emissions) 3-3 Management of material topics ESG Sustainability Review, Environment, pg.
10 302-1 Energy consumption within the ESG Sustainability Review, Environment, pg.
10 organization   purchased grid electricity Includes quantification of GHG emissions from purchased grid electricity 303-2 Management of water discharge- ESG Sustainability Review, Environment, pg.
10 related impacts 303-3 Water withdrawal ESG Sustainability Review, Environment, pg.
10 303-4 Water discharge ESG Sustainability Review, Environment, pg.
10 303-5 Water consumption ESG Sustainability Review, Environment, pg.
10 305-2 Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG ESG Sustainability Review, Environment, pg.
10 Emissions 17 8.
TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES (TCFD) INDEX We are in the process of working with an ESG consultant to advise and guide on compliance with TCFD requirements and ISSB requirements.
TCFD Pillars Recommended Disclosures Page Reference & Remarks Governance Disclose the organization s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities.
a. Describe the board s oversight of Sustainability Governance, pg.
3 climate-related risks and opportunities.
b. Describe management s role in assessing and managing climate- related risks and opportunities.
Strategy Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization s businesses, strategy, and financial planning where such information is material.
a. Describe the climate-related Risk Management, pg.
3 risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium, and long term.
b. Describe the impact of climate- related risks and opportunities on the organization s businesses, strategy, and financial planning.
c. Describe the resilience of the organization s strategy, taking into consideration different climate- related scenarios, including a 2 C or lower scenario.
18 TCFD Pillars Recommended Disclosures Page Reference & Remarks Risk Management Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses, and manages climate-related risks.
a. Describe the organization s Sustainability Governance, pg.
3 processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks.
b. Describe the organization s processes for managing climate- related risks.
c. Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organization s overall risk management.
Metrics and Targets Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities where such information is material.
a. Disclose the metrics used by the ESG Sustainability Review, Environment, pg.
10 organization to assess climate- related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process.
b. Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if ESG Sustainability Review, Environment, pg.
10 appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and the related risks.
c. Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate- related risks and opportunities and performance against targets.
19
