Sustainability Report 2024 30 September 2024 About this Report Contents GRI 2-1|2-3 About this Report 1 iX Biopharma Ltd. (the Company or iX Biopharma, and together with its subsidiaries, the Sustainability Board Statement 2 Group) is proud to present our annual Sustainability Report for the Financial Year 2024 (FY2024).
This Report discloses the sustainability indicators that we have identified as material, About iX Biopharma 3 as well as our performance against these indicators in FY2024.
Sustainability at iX Biopharma 4 Stakeholder Engagement 5 We have prepared the report with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative Standards (GRI Material ESG Factors and Targets 6 Standards), the first global standards for sustainability reporting; guidance from Practice Note Economic 7F of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (SGX-ST), including the set of Core ESG Metrics published by SGX-ST in December 2021 (where we have considered these   Economic Performance 7 metrics to be material to our operations); and the recommended disclosures of the Task Force Environment on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
The GRI Content Index and TCFD Index on pages 16 to 18 set out the full list of GRI and TCFD references and disclosures used in this   Energy 8 Report.
Social   Customer Health and Safety 9 The Report captures our environmental, social and governance performance from July 2023   Training and Workplace Diversity 10 to June 2024 (FY2024) with historical performance data (FY2023) included for comparison,   Safety, Health and Environment 10 for all our entities.
Innovation 11 Performance Metrics 15 GRI Content Index 16 TCFD Index 18 Sponsor Statement We are fully committed to sharing our sustainability journey with all our stakeholders.
Please This Sustainability Report has been reviewed by UOB Kay Hian Private Limited (the Sponsor).
This address any feedback you might have on our sustainability performance and any aspect of our Sustainability Report has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities sustainability report to: Trading Limited (SGX-ST) and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this Sustainability Report, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or Chew Sien Lup Eva Tan reports contained in this Sustainability Report.
The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Lance Tan, Chief Financial Officer Chief Commercial Officer Senior Vice President, at 8 Anthony Road, #01-01, Singapore 229957, telephone (65) 6590 6881.
sienlup.
chew@ixbiopharma.com eva.
tan@ixbiopharma.com 1 Sustainability Board Statement GRI 2-22 iX Biopharma is pleased to publish this FY2024 Sustainability Report together with our Annual Report for FY2024.
It was prepared with reference to the GRI Standards, the Sustainability Reporting Guide set out in Practice Note 7F of the SGX-ST, and the recommended disclosures of the TCFD.
We have chosen to adopt the GRI Standards as our preferred sustainability reporting framework due to its international recognition.
The GRI Standards provide a robust structure and guidance to capture our initiatives to integrate sustainability across our organisation in the areas of environment, social and governance (ESG).
Sustainability is integral for our business to achieve lasting commercial success.
We have embarked on this sustainability journey by looking at our responsibility for the environment we are operating in, people in our workforce and innovative products for the healthcare industry.
In this endeavour, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board) provides guidance on the social, ethical and environmental impact of the Group s activities and oversees the monitoring and management of material sustainability issues and their performance indicators.
We consider sustainability issues relating to the environment and social factors as part of the Group s strategic plans.
The Management under the guidance of the Board is committed to integrating best sustainability practices into the Group s working environment and business operation.
Environment People Innovation Product Governance We are fully committed to our We value our employees as the key Innovation is the cornerstone of the As a pharmaceutical company, we Corporate governance is at the centre environmental initiatives along our pillar for our long-term success.
As an Group and continues to be an comply with all relevant and material of our business in achieving our entire value chain, from product equal opportunity employer, we important driver of future growth.
regulations and applicable industrial sustainability goals.
We uphold the development to supply of goods.
We aspire to be the workplace of choice Our products have been registered or standards.
All our products are belief that good corporate have identified energy as one of the for our staff.
We strongly believe in listed on the Australian Register of continuously assessed for health and governance practices are essential in material topics and will continue to diversity and being inclusive with Therapeutic Goods (ARTG).
safety impacts across our value chain.
building a sound corporation with an identify other areas of improvement regard to hiring policies.
We employ We have incorporated procedures ethical environment, thereby where we can mitigate our the best talent, without We have developed an extensive throughout the manufacturing protecting the interests of all environmental impact.
discrimination on race, gender or age.
pharmaceutical product pipeline process from raw materials sourcing stakeholders.
We strive to put in utilising our patented WaferiX and We also value the importance of WaferlogiX sublingual delivery to rigorous product testing.
We have place a robust governance framework also invested in the implementation to maintain integrity, transparency, competency and proficiency in our technology.
of a pharmacovigilance monitoring accountability and discipline in all our workforce to ensure the long-term system to handle feedback and recall practices.
success of our business.
events.
2 About iX Biopharma GRI 2-6|2-7 iX Biopharma: Fast Facts (as at 30 June 2024) Indicator Total Breakdown Category Australia Singapore China Employees by Permanent 24 16 2 region 59 Temporary 17 - - Full Male Female Employees by gender 32 27 Total number 4 (corporate, R&D, sales, manufacturing) of operations Figure 1 iX Syrinx, Croydon, Australia Net revenue $5.96 million Total Equity Total liabilities Total capitalisation $4.34 million $10.28 million iX Biopharma is a specialty pharmaceutical and nutraceutical reduced systemic side effects and improved therapeutic parties with complementary capabilities to develop and company with expertise in advanced drug delivery systems.
Our outcomes.
commercialise our products.
By leveraging our partners  ground-breaking multi-drug delivery platform technologies: commercialisation expertise, market access, and distribution At iX Biopharma, we focus on drug repurposing to develop WaferiX and WaferlogiX, revolutionise drug delivery, offering networks, we can maintain a lean and agile business model.
novel therapies.
Drug repurposing is where existing approved advantages for both small molecule drugs and biologics.
drugs are repositioned for new indications and/or into novel iX Biopharma operates across two business segments: WaferiX represents a breakthrough in the administration of dosage forms.
We leverage on the US FDA 505(b)2 regulatory Pharmaceuticals and Nutraceuticals.
In the Pharmaceuticals small molecules.
It is optimised for sublingual administration, pathway, which expedites the development process and makes segment, we focus on advancing our proprietary drug delivery which allows drugs to bypass the GI tract and avoid first pass it possible for us to bring our medicines to the market at lower technologies and repurposing existing drugs for new liver metabolism, enabling better absorption of the drug, faster cost and shorter time.
therapeutic applications.
In the Nutraceuticals segment, iX onset of action and predictable effect.
Biopharma draws on our expertise in pharmaceuticals and Our fully integrated business model sets us apart in the nutraceuticals to develop and market a diverse range of WaferlogiX, iX Biopharma s revolutionary drug delivery industry.
By managing the entire value chain internally, from products that promote healthspan, wellness, and vitality.
technology for the delivery of biologics, represents a paradigm research and development to manufacturing and shift in the administration of complex molecules.
Biologics, with commercialisation, we achieve unparalleled cost efficiencies, Our manufacturing facility in Australia is licensed by the their delicate molecular structure and susceptibility to superior quality control, and accelerated speed to market.
Therapeutic Goods Administration of Australia, complies with degradation, have long presented hurdles in delivery and are Furthermore, this integrated approach ensures robust Good Manufacturing Practice, and supplies therapeutic traditionally limited to injection based delivery.
We now have intellectual property protection, safeguarding the unique value products to hospitals and registered pharmacies.
the potential to use WaferlogiX to deliver biologics sublingually, of our technologies and products.
Nonetheless, we believe that enhancing patient convenience and compliance.
Delivery with collaboration is key to driving innovation and achieving WaferlogiX may potentially offer significant advantages such as sustainable growth and as such we may collaborate with third 3 Sustainability at iX Biopharma GRI 2-22|2-23 Sustainability is integral to iX Biopharma s business to achieve the lasting commercial success of iX Biopharma.
We have embarked on the sustainability journey by looking at our responsibility for the environment we are operating in, people in our workforce and innovative products for the healthcare industry.
At iX Biopharma, we understand the importance of reducing our environmental impact and are committed to conducting business in a responsible manner by supporting the Precautionary Principle.
This means that where there are threats of serious or irreversible damage, lack of full scientific certainty shall not be used as a reason for postponing cost-effective measures to prevent or mitigate these threats.
Sustainability Governance Supply chain GRI 2-9|2-12|2-13|2-14 GRI 2-6 Corporate governance is at the heart of our efforts in As we are accountable to our stakeholders, we endeavour to achieving our sustainability goals.
We uphold the belief that ensure that appropriate risk management, key internal good corporate governance practices are essential in building controls and procedures are in place during the procurement a sound corporation with an ethical environment, thereby of goods and services.
protecting the interests of all stakeholders.
We strive to put in As at end of FY2024, we have a pool of approximately 350 place a robust governance framework to maintain the active suppliers, including contractors, clinical research integrity, transparency, accountability and discipline in all our organisations, professional consultants, and financial practices.
institutions which are mainly based in Singapore, Australia, The Group operates under the following governance: China, and the USA.
The Board provides guidance on the social, ethical and We have adopted a 2- and 4-year qualification and review environmental impact of the Group s activities and cycles for our suppliers of active ingredients and packaging oversees the monitoring and management of material materials.
In the future, we aim to embed sustainability sustainability issues and their performance indicators.
measures into our value chain and integrate environmental factors wherever possible and appropriate.
Risk Management Committee (RMC) is a board appointed committee comprising selected members of the Board who assist the Board in its oversight of risk management of the Group.
It is responsible for designing and implementing the Group s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework and reviewing its effectiveness on an ongoing basis.
The Management (comprising the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Commercial Officer and The Management also works with the Board to set Chief Financial Officer) evaluates and reviews long-term sustainability-related goals; translate sustainability-related business and organisational goals.
goals into action, which includes providing resourcing and implementation guidance; and track progress against the The Management identifies, prioritises, assesses, manages agreed targets.
and monitors key risks and associated key controls in the Group s business.
Any identified climate related risks will be reported to RMC and managed as per ERM Framework.
4 Stakeholder Engagement GRI 2-25|2-29|3-1 At iX Biopharma, we firmly believe in regularly engaging our stakeholders to understand the issues most important to them and our business impact.
We have identified our key stakeholders based on importance, representation, dependency and proximity to our business.
We are committed to integrating our stakeholders  concerns in our business strategies and policies.
Therefore, we continuously seek to explore effective communication channels and strengthen our relationships with them.
Stakeholder Key Topics Mode of Engagement General meetings Economic performance Corporate press releases and announcements Shareholders and investment Governance and compliance Corporate website community Innovation Annual report Analyst outreach Supplier pre-qualification program Suppliers and vendors Product safety and quality Cyclical audit program Regular customer communications through email, calls and visits Online and in-person trainings for pharmacies and medical practitioners Customers Product safety and quality Scientific publications Customer audit (on-site / desktop) Compliance of law and Regulatory inspections Regulators regulations Periodic audits Training and development Health and safety Annual performance reviews Employees Workplace ownership Access to training opportunities Diversity and equal opportunity Environmental compliance Community Annual report on sustainability Energy use and emissions 5 Material ESG Factors and Targets GRI 2-25|3-1|3-2 iX Biopharma undertook a detailed process to identify, prioritise and validate the environmental, social, governance and economic issues that matter most to our organisation.
Our Sustainability Board Statement and peer research have also been referenced in this assessment.
We conducted a materiality assessment workshop with our internal stakeholders.
Where practicable, we would engage external stakeholders (as set out on the previous page) during materiality assessment.
This was subsequently assessed for relevancy to both our stakeholders and the environmental, social and governance impact of our business operations.
The following table sets out the material ESG Factors and targets for the coming year: Material Factor FY2024 FY2025 Aspect Material Aspect List of Indicators Boundary Target Performance Target Economic Economic 201-1 Details of our financial performance and targets can be found in the Financial Review and Financial Statements section of our Annual Report Performance 201-4 Environment Energy 302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation Less than or equal Maintain or lower our Within 0.18 kWh per dollar to 0.19 kWh per electrical energy per dollar of organisation of sales dollar of sales sales Social Customer 416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of All products tested All products tested All products tested Health & product and service categories Within and Safety outside 416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the organisation Zero case of non- Zero case of non- health and safety impacts of products and Zero case of non-compliance compliance compliance services Diversity and 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 20% female representation Within Equal 1 female director 1 female director on the Board (i.e. 1 female organisation Opportunity director) Training and 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee Within 40 hours 24.8 hours 30 hours Education organisation Occupational 403-2 Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational Zero incident of Zero incident of Within Zero incident of workplace Health and diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and workplace fatality workplace fatality or organisation fatality or serious injury Safety number of work-related fatalities or serious injury serious injury Innovation Innovation Annual research and development investment No target set $1.7 million No target set Number of new products launched Within No product 3 products 3 products organisation launched Number of products under development 7 products 10 products 6 products 6 Economic Direct Economic Value Generated and Financial performance Distributed1 GRI 3-3|201-1|201-4 ($'000) FY2024 FY2023 Why is this a material issue?
Our approach to managing As we generate economic values from our operations, we also Key economic events and achievements in FY2024 were Total revenue, of which 5,959 5,913 distribute the economic benefits directly or indirectly to our reviewed by the Chairman & CEO in his statement included in Pharmaceutical 5,451 5,164 stakeholders.
our Annual Report 2024 from pages 4 to 9.
Detailed Nutraceutical 508 749 discussions on our operations, business strategy and financial Government Grants 509 1,133 performance can be found on pages 12 to 23 of our Annual Research and development tax Report 2024.
incentives 509 1,098 Other grants - 35 Others 39 7 Direct economic value generated 6,507 7,053 Total operating costs, of which 7,962 8,185 Net expenses 7,094 7,256 Depreciation and amortisation 868 929 Employee wages and benefits2 6,230 6,415 Interest & bond expenses 603 271 Direct economic value distributed 14,795 14,871 1 The value distribution calculation and commentary in this section is based on the income and expenses reported in the Group s Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 2 Excluding share-based compensation 7 Environment Energy Consumption (kWh) FY2024 FY2023 Energy GRI 3-3|302-1|302-3|305-2 1,059,707 1,095,311 Energy Consumption (kWh) / $1 of Sales Why is this a material issue?
and Singapore increased their GHGE per unit of electricity We are aware of our responsibility towards the environment.
supplied.
0.18 0.19 Our choice of efficient and clean sources of energy has the This notwithstanding, as we step up our commercial Scope 2 GHGE (t CO2-e) potential to minimise the impact of our operations to the manufacturing activities, our electricity consumption is environment.
As climate change continues to be one of the 949 937 expected to increase correspondingly.
Mindful of this most pressing global issues, it is our duty as responsible corporate citizens to do what we can towards the global anticipated increase in consumption, we have considered and Scope 2 GHGE (t CO2-e)/ $1K of Sales are still evaluating the feasibility of an on-site solar power agenda of protecting our planet.
Uninterrupted and reliable 0.16 0.16 generation to supplement our electricity supply from the grid electricity supply is critical to our wafer freeze-drying process.
at our Australia plant.
As we transition from a R&D centric organisation to a Our innovative product may reduce future waste business that includes manufacturing and supply, we expect The increasing use of GLP-1 drugs has raised concerns about our environmental footprint to increase accordingly.
the environmental impact of single-use injectors.
By 2030, JP We are also mindful that our products may have a significant Morgan projected that hundreds of millions of patients impact on our environment.
worldwide may rely on GLP-1 drugs, potentially leading to significant waste from single-use autoinjectors.
For instance, Our approach to managing TTP plc estimated that an additional one billion single-use In our daily operations, electricity, which is used to power our autoinjectors could result in approximately 35,000 tonnes or office buildings, manufacturing plant and laboratory, 50,000 cubic meters of waste, in the USA alone.
contributes to most of our energy consumption.
We use fuel for our backup generators; however, the consumption is We believe that our daily sublingual wafers provide a simple, negligible.
elegant and environmentally friendlier solution and may reduce much of this waste.
Reducing our footprint As fossil fuel consumption in our operation was negligible, Reducing resource consumption and waste generation only greenhouse gas emission (GHGE) (Scope 2) associated Our products are packaged with materials that are recyclable.
with the electricity consumption by our Croydon plant and During the year, we took another step toward first R in 3Rs, Singapore office are included in this report.
Our Scope 2  Reduce, Reuse & Recycle .
GHGE in Australia is estimated by applying the latest National Greenhouse Account Factors published by Australia s We successfully re-formulated SL-NAD+ wafers to double Department of Industry, Science, Energy and Resources and the dosage to 100mg during the year and plan to do the same designed for use by companies and individuals to estimate for our LumeniX wafers in the coming year.
SL-NAD+ 100mg greenhouse gas emissions.
For our Singapore operation, wafers will replace our current 50mg wafers from September Scope 2 GHGE is estimated by applying the Operating Margin 2024.
With this change, our environmentally concerned Grid Emission Factor published in latest Singapore Electricity customers will have the comfort that our new products will Statistic by the Energy Market Authority of Singapore.
help to reduce resource consumption and potential waste by half.
As we increase our production and distribution of these We continued to work on minimising our carbon footprint by new wafer products, the impact of these reductions will be reducing our total electricity consumption.
During the year we even more pronounced.
reduced our consumption by 3% despite a 1% increase in our revenue.
However, total GHGE increased despite lowering our energy consumption as power suppliers in both Australia 8 Social FY2024 and FY2023 No case of non-compliance with regulations Customer Health and Safety and/or voluntary codes concerning the health and GRI 3-3|416-1|416-2 safety impacts of products All products (pharmaceuticals and nutraceuticals) Why is this a material issue?
Guide to Good Manufacturing Practice for Medicinal are tested prior to release and assessed for Our aim at iX Biopharma is to develop products of the highest Products, and Therapeutics Advertising Code.
This is made improvements safety and quality standards.
One of our top priorities is the possible by having a robust Quality System that is focused on safety and wellbeing of our customers.
To ensure the quality on-going monitoring.
Our Quality Assurance team constantly - The Cannabinoids in Cancer Therapy (CANCAN) being and safety of our products, we have integrated quality reviews our procedures, processes and quality of our conducted at three hospitals in Adelaide, Australia   in standards, procedures and monitoring systems across our products to ensure quality and compliance.
progress   will evaluate the safety and efficacy of Xativa operations.
All our products are continuously assessed for To-date, two of our pharmaceutical products for erectile and Hypera wafers compared to placebo on cancer health and safety impacts across our value chain.
dysfunction are registered with the TGA, and one of which is symptoms like gut distress due to mucositis, weight loss, Our approach to managing also approved by Health Sciences Authority of Singapore for anxiety and depression as well as functional wellbeing, As a pharmaceutical company, we comply with all relevant marketing in Singapore.
In addition, all our nutraceutical symptom burden and quality of life measures in cancer and material regulations and applicable industrial standards.
products are listed on ARTG.
patients.
We have incorporated procedures throughout the Our medical science liaison team actively engages healthcare - Human Study on Hypera THC Wafers to Treat Anorexia manufacturing process from raw materials sourcing to professionals including doctors, nurses and pharmacists in Patients with Advanced Cancer, being conducted by rigorous product testing.
through a comprehensive training programme in Australia.
the Cancer Symptom Trials Group in Sydney, Australia   This programme aims to enhance their understanding of our in progress   will evaluate Hypera wafers in a Phase 2b, medicinal cannabis products by communicating their double-blind, placebo-controlled study for anorexia in competitive advantages, uses, benefits, and other scientific 250 people with advanced cancer.
and clinical knowledge.
Through interaction, we gain insights During the year, our manufacturing facilities successfully that help us to understand and address the needs of the completed on-site compliance audits conducted by Australia s market.
Office of Drug Control and Islamic Co-ordinating Council of As part of product development, we conduct clinical studies Victoria.
on our products so that we can evaluate their As part of our commitment to our customer health and safety, pharmacokinetic properties, safety and efficacy.
During the we strive to maintain: year, we have undertaken or participated in the following trials and studies: - zero cases of non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning the health and safety - SEISMIC-CBD conducted by The University of Sydney, impacts of products; and We have a dedicated Quality Assurance team to ensure that Australia   Completed   is a world-first study testing all materials used meet the necessary specification for all cannabidiol (CBD) in 12 patients with kidney failure.
Our - full testing and assessment of products prior to release.
products, and each product undergoes an annual product Xativa wafers were selected to be included as the sole quality review.
Some products undergo clinical trials, where investigational product of this study.
the safety and efficacy aspects are assessed.
We have also - SL-NAD+ conducted by NAD Laboratory Ltd, United invested in the implementation of a pharmacovigilance Kingdom   Completed   is an open-label, pilot study monitoring system to handle feedback and recall events.
We evaluating the effects of our novel sublingual NAD+ have in place an adverse events management programme.
(nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide) wafer (SL-NAD+) on We strive to adhere strictly to government regulations such NAD+ levels in nine healthy individuals.
as Therapeutic Goods Regulations 1990 of Australia, PIC/S 9 Social Committee (NC), adopted a formal board diversity policy Average Training Hours Per Employee (Board Diversity Policy) to ensure diversity on the Board in respect of skills, experience, knowledge, gender, age, ethnicity FY2024 FY2023 and other factors which will be considered by the NC when 24.8 49.1 Training and Workplace Diversity identifying and recommending candidates for Board Note: Please refer to page 15, Performance Metrics, for the detailed GRI 3-3|404-1|405-1 appointments.
The Board will select directors based on merit, breakdown of Diversity and Training diversity performance.
with due consideration of the measurable objectives set by into a valuable resource pool that appreciates flexible working the Board for promoting and achieving diversity pursuant to Why is this a material issue?
the Board Diversity Policy.
The Company s diversity target, hours.
These individuals come from diverse backgrounds and We value our employees as the key pillar for our long-term which is to have 20% female representation on the Board (i.e. possess a wide range of skills.
We have tailored a training success.
As an equal opportunity employer, we aspire to be 1 female representation) on the Board by FY2024, has been programme to ensure that these new recruits are competent, the workplace of choice for our staff.
We strongly believe in met by the composition of the current Board.
The NC and well-prepared and proficient in our safety procedures.
being inclusive with regard to hiring policies.
Board will review and monitor progress towards its set During the year, we successfully offered permanent positions We recognise that our employees are instrumental in the measurable targets continually and review the Board Diversity to 2 casual rated personnels (2023: 1 person).
Policy at least once every 5 years.
success and growth of our Group, and we are dependent on Our training hours decreased as: the quality and skill of our employees to resolve issues raised In addition, merit and competency of employees are also key by our customers.
factors for the success of our business.
We have in place   Retraining on standard operating procedures in our production facility was postponed until major revisions multiple training manuals and systems for all our employees.
Our approach to managing were certified in the second half of calendar year 2024; We employ the best talent, without discrimination on the The training systems ensure that all personnel are trained and and basis of race, gender or age.
We have policies and practices in deemed competent as required by their position description, place to ensure fair hiring and equal opportunity.
assigned roles and responsibilities, and where a training gap   there was a decrease in total training hours for our casual rated personnel due to lower turnover of these exists, a plan is in place to close the gap.
Diversity is an integral part of engaging with the communities personnel compared to the previous year.
we work in.
Due to the tight labour market, we introduced casual rated personnel into our workforce in FY2023.
This allows us to tap The Board has, at the recommendation of the Nominating FY 2024 & 2023 Performance Safety, Health and Environment GRI 103-1|103-2|103-3|403-2 Zero case of work-related fatalities Why is this a material issue?
Zero case of work-related serious injury  Our employees are our most valuable asset.
Therefore, our Our approach to managing success depends upon ensuring a safe and conducive work To ensure the safety of our employees, we have put in place Note: Please refer page 15, Performance Metrics, for the detailed breakdown environment for them.
Our goal is to improve the work standard operating procedures.
The Group operates a site- of Safety, Health and Environment performance.
environment for our people by reducing risks, preventing based approach to Safety, Health and Environment (SHE) to occupational hazards and fostering their physical and ensure that offices and facility operate to national recognised   Serious injury is an injury that has a major impact or effect on the health of the employee, including 1) loss of consciousness   directly related to injury, psychological well-being.
standards.
These include complying with government 2) amputation, 3) fracture   other than hairline fracture or any bone or non- regulations and commitments to continuous improvements to displaced fracture of a digit, 4) in-patient hospitalisation for observation At our manufacturing facility, we work with certain active health & safety of our workforce at a minimum impact to the that is for three or more days, 5) surgical intervention, and / or 6) continuous ingredients which may be highly potent.
In case of lack of environment.
impairment understanding and awareness, improper management of these substances in large volumes can be dangerous for our A site SHE committee, comprising personnel at our Croydon ensuring that corrective as well as preventive measures are workers and their surroundings.
We recognise that we have a site, oversees the implementation of policies and work taken.
The results of the incidents are reviewed during responsibility to provide a safe and healthy work environment practices, and reviews all reportable incidents and actions monthly management meeting and at the site with the SHE for all our employees.
being taken.
They are responsible for reviewing all reported committee quarterly.
incidents, assessing the root cause, addressing safety gaps and During the year, no reportable incident was recorded.
10 Innovation FY2024 FY2023 Annual research and development S$1,730,000 S$2,820,000 Why is this a material issue?
repurposing strategy.
We use WaferiX to repurpose and investment Innovation is the cornerstone of the Group and continues to enhance various drugs, and where appropriate, register these be an important driver of future growth.
WaferiX is a unique drugs via the United States Food and Drug Administration (US Patents and versatile drug delivery platform that allows FDA) 505(b)(2) pathway.
Granted 64 62 pharmacologically active compounds to disintegrate quickly   Allowed - 1 under the tongue, reducing the effect of first-pass Drug repurposing is where we use existing approved drugs to   Pending 21 13 treat new therapeutic indications or develop into a new metabolism, and resulting in higher bioavailability, as compared to conventional methods of administration.
dosage form.
By changing the dosage form and route of Products under 10 10 administration of an existing drug, we can increase the development At the date of this report, we hold patents for WaferiX in 5 convenience of use, improve its therapeutic effect and side Number of new continents and all key markets including the United States, effect profile, expanding the drug s effectiveness and products launched China, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, Japan, South Korea, suitability for use in a new therapeutic area.
Pharmaceuticals - 2 India, Malaysia, and Indonesia, countries in the European Sublingual dexmedetomidine is an example of an existing drug   Nutraceuticals - - Union and others.
which is approved for sedation which we are now repurposing to treat agitation in dementia patients.
and convenient therapies.
WaferlogiX The GLP-1 drug market is poised for remarkable growth, with GlobalData and other analysts projecting that it will reach We successfully developed the WaferlogiX technology to US$125 billion by the end of the decade.
Existing treatment enable non-invasive delivery of biologics to the oral mucosa.
options, including injectable and oral semaglutide, present As biologics are highly susceptible to degradation in the GI limitations in terms of patient preference, bioavailability, and tract, they are presently only delivered by intravenous, variability.
Furthermore, the current supply of injectable GLP- intramuscular and subcutaneous injections.
Unfortunately, 1 medications falls short of meeting the vast demand, and the the disadvantages associated with injections greatly limit the increased production of injectable pens raises substantial extent of clinical applications for such drugs: they are invasive, environmental concerns.
require a clinic or hospital setting, and are costly to administer.
Our sublingual semaglutide wafer aims to address these The WaferlogiX technology overcomes the clinical utility challenges by delivering the peptide through the mucosal limitations of biologic drugs.
It protects biologics from membrane under the tongue, bypassing first-pass metabolism enzymatic degradation, incorporates muco-adhesives to and enabling absorption through three distinct pathways: optimise the release kinetics of the biologic and maximise lymphatic, gastric, and intestinal.
interaction with the oral mucosa.
Additionally, permeation This innovative delivery method has the potential to enhance enhancers have been integrated to improve absorption of We have strong R&D capability and collective experience in the efficacy and safety of semaglutide while offering a more biologics across the epithelial membrane of the mucosa.
drug formulation, clinical pharmacology and drug delivery & patient-friendly and convenient alternative, thereby safety.
Our R&D activities are vital to our efforts to maintain iXB 401, Innovating to Treat Diabetes and Obesity improving compliance and adherence.
our competitiveness in the industry as well as to further iXB 401 is a novel sublingual semaglutide wafer utilising our New product launches develop better and improved products.
WaferlogiX drug delivery technology, represents a After a strategic review this year, we redirected our R&D Our approach to managing cornerstone of our research and development work.
efforts towards enhancing several existing products by We seek to identify areas of unmet or under-served Semaglutide, a glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor changing their taste and increasing dosages.
These newly therapeutic need and focus our research and development agonist, is recognised for its efficacy in treating Type 2 formulated products are set to be launched in FY2025.
efforts on formulations of pharmaceuticals aimed at diabetes and obesity two prevalent and chronic conditions addressing such needs.
Key to our approach is our drug that continue to drive significant demand for more effective 11 Selected Products Pharmaceuticals   Wafermine Development status: We have successfully formulated   iXB-322 Sublingual Interferon Wafer the wafer product.
We will commence pharmacokinetic What it is: Sublingual ketamine wafer for the treatment of What it is: A novel low-dose (<1000 IU) interferon and pharmacodynamic mice studies using established in- pain and psychiatric conditions, including depression.
The sublingual wafer, iXB-322, for the prevention and vivo diabetic mouse models, which will take approximately Group obtained orphan designation for the use of ketamine treatment of respiratory viral illnesses, including COVID- five months.
Positive results from the study will enable us to treat Complex Regional Pain Syndrome (CRPS) from the 19, influenza and RSV.
to advance the out-licensing of iXB 401 or partnering to US FDA in May 2021.
fund the next human study.
Interferons are human proteins that serve as primary responders to coordinate the immune system against invading viruses and tumours.
To date, these biologics have only been administered via injection at high doses (3- 50 million IU) for the treatment of certain viruses, such as hepatitis, and for certain cancers, such as melanoma and lymphoma, leading to a number of unwanted side effects and limited utility.
Active biologic: Interferon Development status: We have completed formulation Active compound: racemic ketamine and plan to engage with the US FDA on designing the Development status: Following the termination of the clinical development program required to obtain licensing agreement with its previous partner, the Group pharmaceutical registration.
Figure 2 glucagon-like peptide-1 has appointed a licensing advisor to out-license receptor Wafermine for Complex Regional Pain Syndrome (CRPS), amongst others.
Sublingual Dexmedetomidine Wafer   iXB 401 Sublingual Semaglutide Wafer What it is: Sublingual dexmedetomidine wafer, intended to treat agitation in patients with dementia, amongst other What it is: Novel semaglutide wafer delivered sublingually conditions.
with the Company s WaferlogiX drug delivery technology platform.
Active compound: dexmedetomidine Semaglutide, a GLP-1 receptor agonist, has emerged as a Development status: Completed DEX-001, a Phase 1 leading therapy for diabetes and obesity.
It is approved for pharmacokinetic clinical study assessing the absolute type 2 diabetes management under the brand names bioavailability of sublingual dexmedetomidine wafers Ozempic (injectable) and Rybelsus (oral tablet), and for across three different wafer dosage strengths against the weight loss under the brand name Wegovy (injectable).
intravenous administration of dexmedetomidine, Due to poor oral bioavailability, most current GLP-1 Precedex .
The results shown high bioavailability, fast receptor agonists are injectables.
iXB 401 offers a more absorption, and fast onset of action with dose convenient and potentially better tolerated option proportionality across the dosing range.
The compared to existing GLP-1 receptor agonist drugs.
With dexmedetomidine wafers were safe and well tolerated, better patient compliance, iXB 401 would be well with no serious adverse events observed.
positioned to capture a significant share of this vast and growing market.
We are currently evaluating the best development strategy to obtain US FDA registration for this product.
Active biologic: semaglutide 12 Medicinal Cannabis doctors for a wide variety of conditions including treating - Human Study with Xativa and Hypera Medicinal anxiety, relieving pain, reducing inflammation, and Cannabis Wafers to Alleviate Cancer Symptoms improving sleep quality, among other conditions, to Combining our deep experience in scientific research, The Cannabinoids in Cancer Therapy (CANCAN) Trial will patients who are not effectively treated with other drugs.
pharmaceutical manufacturing standards and the WaferiX evaluate the safety and efficacy of Xativa and Hypera technology, we produce innovative medicinal cannabis - SEISMIC-CBD wafers compared to placebo on cancer symptoms like gut products that allow patients to benefit from the full distress due to mucositis, weight loss, anxiety and During FY2024, Xativa is the sole investigative product in therapeutic potential of the cannabis plant.
The wafers have depression as well as functional wellbeing, symptom this study conducted by University of Sydney of 12 been prescribed by doctors for chronic pain, anxiety and burden and quality of life measures in cancer patients.
patients with kidney failure.
Patients received the CBD insomnia, among other conditions.
wafers in a supervised dose escalation over two weeks The study aims to recruit 176 patients and is expected to followed by a further four weeks of treatment.
be completed within two years.
The key findings of the study: It is being conducted at three hospitals in Adelaide, Australia and is funded by the Medical Research Future - the CBD wafer was safe and generally well-tolerated, Fund (MRFF) of the Australian Government Department with no serious adverse events reported.
of Health.
- Among the seven patients who completed the full - Human Study on Hypera THC Wafers to Treat Anorexia six-week treatment period, three reported that in Patients with Advanced Cancer symptoms were  very much  improved, two reported symptoms were  much improved,  one each reported This study will evaluate Hypera wafers in a Phase 2b,  minimally improved  and  no change , respectively.
double-blind, placebo-controlled study for anorexia in 250 Four patients chose to continue using the CBD people with advanced cancer.
wafers post-study.
It is being conducted by the Cancer Symptom Trials Group - Overall, statistically significant improvements were in Sydney, Australia and is expected to complete within 2.5 noted in multiple symptom domains measured with years.
Xativa, a sublingual cannabidiol (CBD) wafer the Edmonton Symptom Assessment Scale-Renal   Hypera, a sublingual tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) The study is fully funded by the New South Wales (ESAS-R), including sleep quality, RLS, anxiety, wafer anorexia, and pain.
Government.
Active compound: CBD and THC are the two prominent - Adverse events reported as possibly related to the cannabinoids found in the cannabis plant.
CBD wafers included nausea, dizziness and Potential indications: Promising research suggests that drowsiness.
Four patients did not complete the full CBD and THC may help with chronic pain, certain six-week treatment period due to mild adverse inflammatory and motor diseases, appetite, anxiety and events (two patients) and lack of symptom inflammatory bowel disease, among others.
improvement (two patients).
One patient passed away from kidney disease.
Sublingual delivery of CBD and THC: Both CBD and THC are known to have poor oral bioavailability.
As a result, The findings of this small study provide important data taking cannabis sublingually has the benefits of a faster indicating that CBD, which is predominantly metabolised onset of action and higher bioavailability.
WaferiX, being a in the liver, may not be significantly affected by severely validated sublingual wafer, provides a more elegant and reduced kidney function and supports the conduct of convenient way to administer these cannabinoids, giving larger, controlled studies.
users a better experience.
The full study results were presented at the 59th ANZSN Development status: Xativa and Hypera are supplied (Australian and New Zealand Society of Nephrologists) through Special Access Scheme and Authorised Prescriber Scientific meeting held in Adelaide in September 2024.
pathways in Australia.
Xativa is currently prescribed by 13 Nutraceutical products - Pharmacokinetic Study in Rats Demonstrates Rapid We believe that our WaferiX drug delivery platform is suitable NAD+ Absorption in Blood Plasma for the development of other products that incorporate active This was a single dose PK study in Sprague-Dawley rats.
pharmacological compounds.
We strive to combine innovative Plasma NAD+ concentrations were obtained following formulations and delivery systems to produce next- administration of a sublingual NAD+ 100mg wafer.
generation nutraceuticals which bring visible and perceptible change to improve our customers' health on a cellular level.
Sublingual administration of SL-NAD+ wafers resulted in rapid absorption of NAD+ directly into plasma via the sublingual mucosa.
Mean peak plasma concentration was reached within 10 minutes of administration, a 2- fold increase from the mean baseline level.
double-blind, placebo-controlled, multiple-dose study of - Pharmacokinetic Study in Rats Demonstrates the efficacy and safety of a sublingual glutathione wafer as Significant Increase in Intracellular NAD+ Levels a therapeutic skin health supplement, in Australia.
This   SL-NAD+ study aims to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of What it is: Sublingual NAD+ wafer This was a single dose PK (bioavailability study) in a wafer containing glutathione (an antioxidant) as a Sprague-Dawley rats showing change in intracellular red therapeutic skin health supplement.
The treatment Active compound: nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide blood cell NAD+ levels from baseline.
Rats were involves taking glutathione wafer under the tongue 2 (NAD+) administered either IV NAD+ 5mg or SL-NAD+ 100mg times daily for 12 weeks for 34 Sydney-based healthy SL-NAD+ contains pure NAD+.
Known as the molecule of wafers.
women between the ages of 30 to 65 years old, with youth, NAD+ combats aging, supports energy generation, Standardised for dose, SL-NAD+ wafers produced an Fitzpatrick skin types IV or V. and activates sirtuins (antiaging genes).
For the first time increase in red blood cell NAD+ levels [AUC, area under Key study findings include: ever, our patented sublingual delivery technology, the curve] of 22% of the increase produced by IV NAD+ WaferiX, ensures direct delivery of pure and intact NAD+ administration.
As far as we are aware, this is the first   Within just 14 days of using RadianiX Glutathione: into the bloodstream, without the need for invasive bioavailability study for sublingual NAD+ in mammals.
- significant increase in skin vibrancy, luminosity intravenous drips or injections.
This study aligned with published data showing that and skin tone (colour) by up to 60%.
extracellularly delivered NAD+ can increase intracellular - Significant reduction in fine lines and wrinkles Development status: NAD levels.
The mechanism for NAD+ transport into and around the eyes by up to 51%.
- An open-label pilot study on SL- NAD+ out of the cell is most probably through transportation   After 28 days via connexin 43 hemichannels and other solute carrier - There was a significant and impressive increase The study was conducted by NAD Laboratory Ltd, United channels.
in skin elasticity by up to 226%.
Kingdom, during FY2024 to evaluate the effects of the   After 8 weeks novel sublingual NAD+ (nicotinamide adenine   LumeniX & RadianiX - Significant increase in skin lightness by up to dinucleotide) wafer (SL-NAD+) on NAD+ levels in nine What it is: Sublingual glutathione wafer for skin 12% and a significant increase in skin healthy individuals.
The study showed a significant brightening and building immunity smoothness and texture with a decrease in skin increase in blood NAD+ levels, with an average rise of 59% dullness by up to 71%.
at two weeks and 76% at six weeks compared to baseline.
Active compound: glutathione In addition to boosting NAD+ levels, the study showed LumeniX is a skin brightening formula designed to lighten that SL-NAD+ wafers also improved various aspects of and beautify the skin.
Glutathione, the key ingredient in health and wellness in the participants.
According to a self- LumeniX, is a powerful antioxidant that defends against reported questionnaire, participants reported viral infections and protects the lungs, liver and other enhancements in energy levels, mood, sleep quality, organs against inflammation by reducing oxidative stress.
mental clarity, and/or physical strength, which were It reduces melanin for a fairer complexion.
LumeniX is sustained throughout the six-week study period.
formulated with patented WaferiX sublingual technology Moreover, SL-NAD+ wafers were safe and well tolerated.
to enhance the bioavailability of glutathione.
Development status: We completed a randomized, 14 Performance Metrics Diversity and equal opportunity Training and education Percentage of women employees within iX Biopharma's governance bodies Average training hours per employee gender Governance Bodies Percentage of female employees (%) FY2024 FY2023 FY2024 FY2023 Per employee 24.8 49.1 Board of Directors (Board) 20% 20% Per female employee 22.5 47.3 Audit Committee (AC) 25% 25% Per male employee 25.7 50.3 Nominating Committee (NC) 33% 33% Average training hours per employee category Remuneration Committee (RM) -% -% Employee Category FY2024 FY2023 Risk Management Committee (RMC) 33% 33% Director - 5.7 Percentage of employees within iX Biopharma's governance bodies by age group Manager 30.1 21.4 Age Group FY2024 FY2023 Executive 40.1 71.5 Board AC NC RC RMC Board AC NC RC RMC Non-executive 23.6 54.2 Under 30 year old - - - - - - - - - - Safety, Health and Environment1 30-50 year old 20% 25% 33% -% 33% 20% 25% 33% -% 33% FY2024 FY2023 Over 50 year old 80% 75% 67% 100% 67% 80% 75% 67% 100% 67% Female Male Overall Female Male Overall Percentage of employees per employee category by gender Injury Rate - - - - - - Employee Category Percentage of female employees (%) (per 1,000,000 working hours) FY2024 FY2023 Lost Day Rate - - - - - - (days lost per 1,000,000 working hours) Management 20% 20% Types of injury Executive 38% 43% FY2024 FY2023 Non-executive 55% 47% Female Male Female Male Percentage of employees per employee category by age group Number of first aid incidents - - - - Age Group FY2024 FY2023 Number of medically treated incidents - - - - Management Executive Non-executive Management Executive Non-executive Under 30 year old - - 26% - - 29% Number of lost-time incidents - - - - 30-50 year old 40% 50% 48% 40% 43% 42% Over 50 year old 60% 50% 26% 60% 57% 29% 1 Source: Injury Rate and Lost Day Rate formula as defined by International Labour Organisation.
15 GRI Content Index Statement of Use IX Biopharma Ltd has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the year ended 30 June 2024 with reference to the GRI Standards.
GRI 1 Used GRI 1: Foundation 2021 Chapter, Page Reference, Chapter, Page Reference, GRI Standard Disclosure Performance GRI Standard Disclosure Performance and/or Explanation for Omissions and/or Explanation for Omissions 2-9 Governance structure SR-4 General Nomination and selection of the 2-10 AR-32 to AR-35 GRI 2: General 2-1 Organisation SR-12 highest governance body Disclosures 2021   iX Biopharma Ltd. 2-11 Chair of the highest governance body Mr Eddy Lee Yip Hang,   iX Biopharma Pty Ltd Chairman & CEO   iX Syrinx Pty Ltd Role of the highest governance body   Arrow Property Trust 2-12 in overseeing the management of SR-4   Kaizen Manufacturing Pty Ltd impacts   iXB Sdn Bhd 2-2 E sun st tit ai ie ns a i bn ic lil tu yd re ed p oin r tt ih ne g organisation s     E En nt ti it ty y H He ea al lt th h L Pt td e Ltd 2-13 D me al ne ag ga it nio g n im o pf are cts sp onsibility for SR-4   Entity Health Pty Ltd Role of the highest governance body   Entity Health (China) Company Ltd 2-14 in sustainability reporting SR-4   Entity Health (Shanghai) Co Ltd   Ligo Pharma Limited 2-15 Conflicts of interest AR-31 & AR-39   iX Biopharma Europe Ltd Collective knowledge of the highest   MeltMed, Inc 2-17 AR-31 & AR-33 governance body 2-3 Reporting period 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024 Evaluation of the performance of the 2-18 highest governance body Publication date [1] October 2024 2-19 Remuneration policies AR-35 to AR-37 Frequency of reporting Annually 2-20 Process to determine remuneration Contact point for question regarding SR-1 the report Statement on sustainable 2-22 SR-2 & SR-4 development strategy 2-4 Restatements of information Not Applicable 2-23 Policy commitments SR-4 We have not sought external assurance for this reporting period.
Processes to remediate negative 2-25 SR-5, SR-6 & AR-41 to AR-42 The sustainability reporting processes impacts 2-5 External assurance were subjected to internal review 2-28 Membership of associations Not Applicable during the year by the internal audit function that reports directly to the 2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement SR-5 Board s Audit Committee.
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements Not Applicable Activities, value chain and other 2-6 SR-3 &SR-4 business relationships 2-7 Employees SR-3 2 Page references: SR - Sustainability Report 2024; AR - Annual Report 2024 16 Chapter, Page Reference, Chapter, Page Reference, GRI Standard Disclosure Performance GRI Standard Disclosure Performance and/or Explanation for Omissions and/or Explanation for Omissions MATERIAL TOPICS SOCIAL SR-6 and SR-10 GRI 3: Material Topics 3-1 Process to determine material topics SR-5 & SR-6 3-3 Management of material topics (Partial Compliance) 2021 3-2 List of material topics SR-6 403-1 Occupational health and safety management system GRI 403: ECONOMIC Occupational 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, SR-6 & SR-7 Health and Safety and incident investigation Chairman s Statement, AR-4   AR-9 2016 Worker participation, consultation, and SR-10 & SR-15 3-3 Management of material topics Operations Review, AR-12   AR-15 403-4 communication on occupational health Business Strategy, AR-16   AR-20 and safety GRI 201: Economic Financial Review, AR-21   AR-23 Performance 2016 403-9 Work-related injuries Direct economic value generated and 201-1 SR-7 distributed Innovation Financial assistance received from 201-4 government SR-7 3-3 Management of material topics SR-6 & SR-11 Annual research and development ENVIRONMENT Innovation investment GRI 302: Energy 3-3 Management of material topics SR-6 & SR-8 Non-GRI Number of products launched SR-11 to SR-14 2016 (Partial Compliance) Products under development GR1:305: Emissions Energy consumption within the 302-1 2016 organisation 302-3 Energy intensity SR-8 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG 305-2 emissions SOCIAL SR-6 & SR-9 3-3 Management of material topics (Partial Compliance) Assessment of the health and safety GRI 416: Customer 416-1 impacts of product and service Health and Safety categories 2016 SR-9 Incidents of non-compliance concerning 416-2 the health and safety impacts of products and services SR-6 & SR-10 GRI 404: Training 3-3 Management of material topics (Partial Compliance) and Education 2016 404-1 Average hours of training per year per SR-10 & SR-15 employee SR-6 and SR-10 GRI 405: Diversity 3-3 Management of material topics (Partial Compliance) and Equal Opportunity 2016 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and SR-10 & SR-15 employees 17 TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES (TCFD) INDEX TCFD Thematic Areas Recommended Disclosures References and Remarks 1.
Governance a) Describe the board s oversight of climate-related risks and SR-2 and SR-4 Disclose the organisation s opportunities governance around climate- related risks and opportunities b) Describe management s role in assessing and managing climate- SR-4 related risks and opportunities 2.
Strategy a) Describe the climate-related risks We have not identified climate-related and opportunities the organisation risks and opportunities at the time of Disclose the actual and potential has identified over the short, this report.
impacts of climate-related risks medium, and long term and opportunities on the We are evaluating carrying out a organisation s businesses, preliminary risk assessment of how b) Describe the impact of climate- strategy, and financial planning climate change will affect our related risks and opportunities on where such information is material operations.
When more information is the organisation s business, available, we will present our strategies strategy, and financial planning and plans in our future reports.
c) Describe the resilience of the organisation s strategy, taking into consideration different climate- related scenarios, including a 2 C or lower scenario 3.
Risk Management a) Describe the organisation s processes for identifying and Disclose how the organisation assessing climate-related risks identifies, assesses, and manages climate-related risks b) Describe the organisation s processes for managing climate- SR-4 related risks c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organisation s overall risk management 4.
Metrics and Targets a) Disclose the metrics used by the organisation to assess climate- Disclose the metrics and targets related risks and opportunities in SR-6 used to assess and manage line with its strategy and risk relevant climate-related risks and management process opportunities where such b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and if information is material.
appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse SR-8 gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks c) Describe the targets used by the organisation to manage climate- SR-6 related risks and opportunities and performance against targets 18
