1 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Table of Contents 1 1 2 3 Introduction Sustainable Development Operations and Governance Value Innovation 3 Chairman s Message 7 About Medtecs 16 Corporate Governance 26 Product and Service Innovation 4 About This Report 9 Sustainable Governance and 17 Integrity Management 28 Quality Management Strategy 5 2023 Highlights 20 Operational Strategy and 32 Sustainable Supply Chain 10 Identification of Material Topics and Performance 36 Customer Relations Stakeholder Engagement 22 Risk Management 4 5 6 1 Environmental Sustainability Diversity in the Workplace Community Empowerment Appendix 39 Climate Change Strategy and 52 Human Rights 72 Community Engagement Goals 76 Appendix 1: GRI Content (Standard) Management Index 54 Talent Attraction and Retention 73 Community Engagement Efforts 78 Appendix 2: SASB Content Index 44 Energy Management 57 Talent Training and Development 75 Community Engagement Overview 78 Appendix 3: Climate-related 45 Water Management 62 Salaries and Benefits Information of Listed Companies 48 Waste Management 65 Occupational Safety and Health 79 Appendix 4: Participation in Associations 80 Appendix 5: Limited Assurance Report 2 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Chairman s Message In 2023, the COVID-19 pandemic eased its grip on the world, with dedicated to creating a happy workplace and were honored with the countries reopening their borders, signaling a gradual return to normalcy.
2023 Happy Enterprise Gold Award by 1111 Job Bank in Taiwan.
However, the Russia Ukraine war and the Israel Palestine conflict, along with ongoing global high inflation and extreme weather events, With regard to governance strategies, in 2023, the Group inaugurated a have continued to cause turmoil and pose challenges in the international new glove factory in Cambodia, which has significantly propelled our landscape.
As a leading manufacturer of personal protective equipment business development forward.
We continue to innovate and respond to ( PPE ), the Group has kept its promise to  ensure that every worker market demands and customer orders by collaborating with multiple returns home safe .
We continue to manufacture various protective medical material companies and business partners to develop new equipment and workwear, and develop personal products such as production lines, including nitrile gloves, acne patches, hydrogel patches, antiviral sprays, nitrile gloves, and wet wipes to meet the customers  and more.
This is done to provide comprehensive and convenient diverse needs.
Additionally, in response to global sustainability trends, product services.
Additionally, we capitalize on the manufacturing we are committed to promoting ESG development across the entire advantages of our subsidiaries in the Philippines, Cambodia, Singapore, Group, and we aim to continuously enhance sustainability performance and Taiwan, to offer a seamless, one-stop PPE service.
and exert a positive corporate impact.
In the years ahead, Medtecs will remain committed to not only In terms of environmental efforts, in 2023, we conducted our first enhancing its sustainability performance but also proactively greenhouse gas ( GHG ) inventory at our factory in Cambodia to assess implementing measures to tackle risks posed by extreme weather its 2022 GHG emissions.
We also adopted the Task Force on Climate- events and global uncertainties.
We will fulfill our corporate related Financial Disclosures ( TCFD ) for the first time, identifying and responsibilities and demonstrate our impact by collaborating with analysing the financial risks and opportunities associated with climate stakeholders to create positive impact on our communities and the change and publishing our first TCFD report.
The implementation of environment.
TCFD not only helped the Group systematically understand the potential impact of climate change on its business and operations but also aided relevant units in effectively managing and formulating response strategies and action plans.
Furthermore, subsidiaries in Taiwan, Cambodia, and the Philippines optimised energy usage and efficiency by acquiring new equipment and increasing the use of renewable energy lighting fixtures.
These actions aim to promote energy conservation and carbon reduction.
Moreover, the Group emphasizes resource reuse by collaborating with other companies to transform waste fabric, plastic pellets, and other byproducts from the production process into fuel rods and planters, thereby giving new life to waste and promoting a circular economy.
Clement Yang Ker-Cheng As for social responsibility, the Group is committed to creating a Chairman workplace that is respectful, inclusive, and safe.
In 2023, the Company developed a human rights policy for the entire Group in accordance with international human rights conventions and Taiwanese labor laws.
Additionally, we identified potential human rights risks and promoted relevant management measures to safeguard the rights of employees within the Group and various external stakeholders.
Apart from upholding basic human rights, the Company also prioritises employee compensation, welfare benefits, and career development.
We remain 3 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment About This Report This is the seventh sustainability report (the  Report ) issued by Medtecs International Corporation Limited (the  Company  or  Medtecs ), which is currently listed on Catalist, the sponsor-supervised listing platform of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the  SGX-ST ).
In addition to complying with the Listing Manual Section B: Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST (the  Catalist Rules ), we also strive to maintain the utmost transparency in disclosing the achievements of Medtecs Group in environmental, social, and governance ( ESG ) through the annual publication of sustainability reports.
By doing so, we hope stakeholders will gain a comprehensive understanding of our principles and actions in practicing sustainable development.
Scope and Principles Reporting Framework Status of Issuance The data and information disclosed in this Report cover the actions, The framework of the Report is mainly based on the Universal Standards   Previous version: Issued in May 2023 related data, policies, and performance of Medtecs and its subsidiaries 2021 published by the Global Reporting Initiative ( GRI Standards ), a   Current version: Issued in May 2024 (collectively referred to as  Medtecs Group  or the  Group ) in ESG globally-recognised framework suited for reporting on sustainability   Next version: Expected to be issued by the end of May 2025 aspects for the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
This includes matters relevant to the Group.
The framework also aligns with the content and performance that may reflect on past achievements or  Sustainable Development Best Practice Principles for TWSE/TPEx Board Statement anticipate future development.
During the reporting period, there were Listed Companies,  the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals no significant restatements of information by the Group.
( SDGs ), the TCFD, and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board The Board of Directors (the  Board ) is pleased to present Medtecs  ( SASB ).
The Report is prepared in accordance with the requirements 2023 Sustainability Report, which confirms the Group s commitment to The scope of the Report focuses on the information of the Company and set out in Listing Rule 711B and Practice Note 7F: Sustainability sustainability.
This commitment is reflected in the Group s sustainable its major subsidiaries in Taiwan, the Philippines, and Cambodia.
The Reporting Guide of the Catalist Rules.
Please refer to Appendices 1 and business strategies and objectives that the management have identified subsidiaries in Singapore, China, and Malaysia are not included in this 2 to this Report for details of the Group s application of the GRI after determination and consideration of key ESG issues.
The Board had year s scope of disclosure as they represent a small percentage of the Standards and the SASB Content Index respectively.
considered sustainability issues in its strategic formulation, approved Group s overall revenue.
Financial data is based on all entities listed in these material ESG factors and overseen their management and Report Review and Management Process the consolidated financial statements.
In addition to Medtecs, other monitoring by the management.
The Report has been prepared in entities are listed as follows: The data and information in the Report are provided by various accordance with the guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative, which departments and operating units of the Group, compiled by the Legal are well-known and credible standards for reporting on environmental,   Medtecs (Cambodia) Corporation Limited Department, and revised by heads of the Sustainability Task Forces social and governance issues that are most important to the Group s   Medtecs (MSEZ) Corporation under the Sustainability Reporting Council.
It is then subjected to review business and stakeholders.
Medtecs (Taiwan) Corporation by the Company s Sponsor for compliance with the relevant rules of the SGX-ST, and then sent to the Board of Directors for approval.
Medtex Corporation Contact Information   Medtecs International Corporation Limited (Philippines)   Medtecs Materials Technology Corporation The Company has commenced its internal review of its sustainability If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions about the Report, reporting processes and will continue to evaluate and refine its internal please feel free to contact Ms Christine Yang at christine@medtecs.com   RMKH Glove (Cambodia) Co., Ltd. review processes.
Please refer to disclosure in page 19 of the Report.
or +886-2-27392222.
Universal Weavers Corporation Third-Party Assurance The Report has undergone rigorous scrutiny by Ernst & Young Global Limited, an independent third-party auditing firm, which has conducted independent assurance procedures to verify the accuracy of the relevant Medtecs Sustainability page data.
For a detailed account of their findings, please refer to Appendix 5 of the Report, which contains the assurance report.
4 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment 2023 Highlights Environment Social Governance & Economy Product 3.7% reduction in unit natural gas usage 7,766 training hours provided in Taiwan 100% office employees based in Taiwan   Collaborated with suppliers to develop biodegradable Due to leveraging benefits of natural gas for power A 385% increase from 2022 completed anti-bribery and anti-corruption materials to reduce plastics generation and reusing waste heat training $175K+ in cash and in-kind donations A total of 77 employees completed the training (excluding 26.57 tons of waste fabric Including 240K+ pieces of face masks, 115K+ pieces of new hires) as of March 2023.
Compressed product volumes to avoid excessive Provided to Ta-Yuan Cogeneration Power Plant, gloves, 1K+ pieces of hospital linens and blankets, and 90 packaging, aiming to optimize products and reduce contributing 72,365.91 kcal/ton heating value reflective vests to road guards at 3 Cambodian schools for Improved policies and processes of the Group carbon footprint student commute safety.
Including Scrap & Waste Disposal Policy and Visitor Policy 300% reduction in water consumption for Cambodia, Group Grievance Procedure, Group   4th generation water pressure testing machine from In Cambodia after installing water meters 172 volunteer hours Contract Management Policy, Group Human Rights Policy, Switzerland introduced by the subsidiary in Cambodia Counted through beach clean-up and collected 100 kgs of and introduced Group Authorization Tables into the BPM in 2023, doubling efficiency of product quality testing 75 metric tons of flower pots trash system Produced from recycled waste scraps Conducted an online assessment of the Group's   7 executives from the subsidiary in Cambodia US$65,000 invested in fully synthetic thermal Whistleblowing Policy for the management team underwent professional quality management training at conductive oil in Cambodia Intertek's laboratory and successfully obtained Expected to decrease coal consumption by 15%+ in To strengthen awareness of reporting potential violations certification Philippines Recognition In November 2023, we were honored to be selected for the 2023 Happiest Employees Award by 1111 Job Bank, recognising our efforts.
At the award ceremony, our General Counsel accepted the award on behalf of Medtecs, with cheers from the cheerleading team adding to the excitement.
We will continue to create an innovative, diverse, friendly, and inclusive workplace atmosphere, allowing every employee to realise their potential and achieve career success.
We are grateful for each employee's hard work, making Medtecs one of the best enterprises to work for in 2023.
5 6 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment About Medtecs (US$) Sales revenue of Medtecs  products Disposable face Disposable Category Workwear Surgical gown and drape Disinfectants mask protective clothing Company Profile Asia Pacific 2,053,139 418,114 348,793 726,064 1,475 Region North America 1,896,931 3,197,025 966,130 1,594,802 4,960 The Group commenced operations in 1989 and is a leading global manufacturer and distributor of PPE and Europe - 14,901,724 5,656,589 121,089 - workwear, providing a full range of protective solutions for government agencies, corporations, and individuals worldwide to ensure the adequacy and effectiveness of protective equipment.
The Group established a strong E-commerce 1,954,498 1,772,570 - 71,081 230 Customer presence in the United States, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific region and has the largest PPE manufacturing Type International/ capacity outside of China.
The Company s shares have been listed on the Singapore Exchange since 1999 1,995,573 16,744,293 6,971,513 2,370,874 6,204 Domestic and its Taiwan Depositary Receipts commenced trading on the Taiwan Stock Exchange in 2002.
Total 3,950,071 18,516,863 6,971,513 2,441,955 6,435 The Group s headquarters is located in Taipei, Taiwan, and has offices and facilities spanning across Taiwan, Basic information of Medtecs Group Singapore, Cambodia, the Philippines, China, and the United States.
The Group has 11 factories and mainly engages in the manufacturing and sales of PPE, medical textiles, medical consumables, and workwear, as Company name Medtecs International Corporation Limited well as providing integrated hospital services of hospital consumables and laundry services.
The Group s Number of employees 3,313 Year of establishment 1989 monthly production capacity reaches 500,000 pieces of workwear, 2 million pieces of protective coveralls, 3 Chairman Clement Yang Ker-Cheng million pieces of AAMI Level 2 isolation gowns, 3 million pieces of isolation gowns, 5 million pieces of PE CEO William Yang Weiyuan isolation gowns, 90 million pieces of medical face masks, and other products, which are sold to multiple Headquarters address 11F, No.
9, Song Gao Rd.
, Xinyi Dist.
, Taipei City 110, Taiwan countries and regions in Asia, Europe, the Americas, and Oceania.
In 2020, the Group established its first Stock symbol Singapore Exchange: 546 subsidiary in the United States, Medtecs USA Corporation, to expand the local market for PPE and medical Taiwan Stock Exchange: 9103 consumables.
In 2023, the glove factory constructed by the Group in Cambodia commenced full-scale Capital (USD) 27,471,000 production, with a monthly glove production capacity of up to 50 million gloves.
Operational Overview The Group s main businesses include the manufacturing and distribution of PPE and the provision of integrated hospital logistics services.
Manufacturing services: The Group is an original product manufacturer ( OPM ) of PPE, medical textiles, and workwear.
Its production bases are located in the Philippines, and Cambodia, and its products are mainly exported to the EU, the Asia-Pacific region, and the United States (accounting for 59%, 17%, and 24% respectively).
Hospital logistics services: The Group provides leasing, laundry, logistics (referred to as 3L services), and trading of medical consumables for hospitals in Taiwan and the Philippines.
In terms of revenue, Taiwan accounts for 91%, while the Philippines accounts for 9%.
Location Main businesses As a leading provider of comprehensive solutions for medical institutions in Taiwan, we have service contracts Taiwan Headquarters, medical laundry facilities with 19 major hospitals, including the E-Da Healthcare Group, Tri-Service General Hospital, and Tungs  Singapore Branch office Taichung Metroharbor Hospital.
Over the past few years, the Group has successfully expanded these Cambodia Spinning; weaving; dyeing; printing; and the production of nitrile gloves, garments, protective coveralls, isolation gowns, comprehensive hospital logistics services to 30 hospitals and medical service institutions in the Philippines.
shoe covers, and bouffant caps China Commercial trade of medical equipment, trays and kits, catheters, urine bags, and incontinence products Philippines Dyeing; weaving; laboratory; and the production of garments, medical bandages, and medical and surgical face masks USA Branch office 7 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Corporate Vision and Values Medtecs is a provider of integrated medical products and services and has long followed its core values of Customer Focus, Valuing Our People, and Sustainable Practices to provide world-class medical products, services, and protective equipment.
Customer needs and satisfaction are always our top priority.
We also value our employees  career development and workplace health, embodying the spirit of Valuing Our People.
Our corporate vision is to  better the world s health for everyone, everywhere,  with the mission of  providing safe and effective products with speed, warmth, and care.
We continuously enhance our service efficiency and quality while adhering to the spirit of Sustainable Practices, ensuring that our business decisions and operational models prioritise sustainable development.
We implement the TARPS management philosophy, symbolizing five important workplace attitudes: Teamwork, Accountability, Reward & Punishment, and Solution-Oriented mindset.
This culture aims to prevent potential gaps and errors in work processes, enhance overall efficiency, and cultivate strong problem-solving skills among our employees.
We adopt the KUNG FU work attitude, promoting excellence, innovation, and teamwork through the principles of Know Your Customer, Understand the Transaction, Never Give Up, Good for Stakeholders, Faith, and Up.
Together, we strive for excellence and the creation of long-term value.
8 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Sustainable Governance and Strategy Sustainable Governance Corporate Sustainable Governance In 2017, the Group established the Sustainability Reporting Council under the Audit Committee, which is under the jurisdiction of the Board, to serve With a focus on its core business of PPE, Medtecs Group has developed as the management unit responsible for planning and overseeing sustainable development.
The council is tasked with formulating the Group s five major pillars of sustainability: Integrity Governance, Value sustainable development strategy and goals and regularly monitoring the progress of these goals and various sustainability projects.
The Chief Innovation, Sustainable Environment, Diversity in the Workplace, and Executive Officer ( CEO ) of the Group serves as the chairperson, with the Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel serving as executive Community Empowerment.
Medtecs  sustainable development strategy members.
The Council reports regularly to the Audit Committee.
also aligns with 12 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
We combine the core values of Customer Focus, Valuing Our People, and Five Sustainability Task Forces have been established under the Sustainability Reporting Council, covering Corporate Governance, Employee Care, Sustainable Practices to create a positive corporate influence for various Environmental Sustainability, Customer and Partner Relations, and Social Welfare.
Department heads are appointed as members of these task stakeholders.
forces, and regular sustainability management meetings are held to promote various sustainability goals.
Additionally, annual sustainability projects are initiated in response to climate change, carbon reduction, water conservation, and human rights management.
The progress of these sustainability goals is regularly reported to the Board and these goals are also included as part of the annual performance evaluation for relevant Adhering to the basic principles of accountability, transparency, and sustainability to fulfill social personnel.
Integrity Governance responsibilities to stakeholders.
The Group s sustainability report is prepared annually through the Sustainability Reporting Council and undergoes assurance by a third-party consultant.
After approval by the Board, the Report is officially published to disclose the Group s annual sustainability achievements to internal and external stakeholders.
Emphasizing the importance of addressing climate change, implementing goals for reducing Environmental energy/resource consumption and waste, and Sustainable Governance Organisational Structure Sustainability transitioning toward a low-carbon model.
Task Force Function Responsible Units Board Corporate Enhancing the transparency and efficiency of corporate Internal Control, Governance governance, including risk management, legal Legal Establishing long-term collaborative relationships with compliance, and internal control.
communities and non-profit organizations near our Community operating sites, participating in community development, Audit Committee Employee Employee well-being and work environment, including Human Resources & Empowerment and making a positive impact.
health and safety, training and development, as well as Administration, Care diversity and inclusion.
Legal Sustainability Reporting Promote environmental protection and sustainable Factory Managers, Council Environmental development, including reducing carbon emissions, Supply Chain Complying with labor laws and regulations in different Sustainability efficient use of energy and resources, and waste Management Diversity in the regions while creating a workplace that promotes Chaired by the Group CEO management.
happiness and health for employees.
Workplace Promote environmental protection and sustainable Customer and Legal, development, including reducing carbon emissions, Partner Marketing, efficient use of energy and resources, and waste Relations Sales Corporate Employee Environmental Customer and Social management.
Establishing rigorous product processes and supplier Governance Care Sustainability Partner Relations Welfare management; developing innovative and sustainable Human Resources & Value Innovation products.
Promote social welfare activities, including community Administration, Social Welfare engagement, charitable donations, and volunteer Legal, services.
Marketing 9 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Identification of Material Topics and Stakeholder Engagement Material Topics Identification Process The Group references the GRI Standards and the AA1000 Accountability Principles Standard, using the principles of inclusivity, materiality, responsiveness, and Results of Material Topics Assessment impact to identify material topics.
Following the GRI 3: Material Topics 2021, we constructed a process for analysing material topics.
Furthermore, we assessed the positive and negative impacts of these material topics on the environment, economy, and people (including human rights).
The results are used to guide the Company s sustainable development direction and serve as the basis for responding to stakeholders and disclosing information.
Establishing Based on past sustainability issue database, we examine sustainability practices of industry peers and international trends to establish this year s 1 Sustainbility sustainability issue database, which includes sustainability issues in four aspects: economic, governance, environmental, and social.
Issue Database To understand the level of concern various stakeholders have regarding sustainability issues, senior executives and representatives from the Company s Investigating 2 Sustainability Task Forces complete stakeholder concern questionnaires to ascertain the importance of different stakeholder groups to the Company.
Stakeholder Finally, based on the results of 11 questionnaires, the level of stakeholder concern regarding sustainability issues is determined.
Positive and Negative Impact Ranking of Material Senior executives and representatives from the Sustainability Task Forces under the Sustainability Reporting Council assess the impact of sustainability issues Assessing 3 on the environment, economy, and people (including human rights) using sustainability impact assessment questionnaires, evaluating the extent and likelihood Topics Sustainability of positive and negative impacts caused by sustainability issues.
Representatives from the Sustainability Task Forces rank the material topics based on the level of concern and significance of impact as assessed from the Ranking Material 4 Stage 2 and Stage 3 of the questionnaire results.
They prioritise the economic, governance, environmental, and social aspects, taking into account adjustments Topics in the Company s sustainability development goals, to form the final list of 11 material topics.
Confirming The Sustainability Reporting Council reviews the results of the material topic analysis, and each Task Force formulates management policies for each material 5 Material Topics topic, which are submitted to the Board for approval.
Material Topics Matrix Economic Product Environmental Social Sustainable Supply Chain Product Quality and Safety GHG Emissions Talent Attraction and Retention Product Marketing and Information Integrity Governance Waste Management Talent Training and Development Labeling Product Innovation and Sustainability Water Management Occupational Safety and Health 10 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment List of Material Topics and Related Impact Corresponding Corresponding GRI Material Topics Positive/Negative Impact Impact on the Economy, Environment, and People (Responses to Risks and Opportunities) Sections in the Standards Report Positive: Economy: GRI 205: Anti-corruption Integrity Effective integrity governance establishes standards for ethical behavior in By embracing robust integrity governance, we can instill greater confidence among stakeholders.
This trust encourages GRI 206: Anti- Management all operational activities by implementing relevant policies and guidelines.
investment and facilitates commercial transactions, leading to increased revenue and economic growth, demonstrating competitive Behavior This commitment to integrity creates a positive ripple effect, benefiting the the fundamental role integrity plays in successful corporate management.
GRI 207: Tax Company, society, and the environment.
Environment: GRI 405-1: Diversity of Negative: Embracing the concept of integrity in operations and having a sound governance system can prevent the Company from governance bodies and Integrity Governance Failure to implement robust integrity governance may lead to the misuse of engaging in environmentally harmful practices and reduce the likelihood of cost-shifting to the environment due to employees company resources and engagement in behaviors detrimental to the economic considerations.
Company, society, and the environment, resulting in negative impacts on People: stakeholders and may even incur additional legal and litigation costs due to Good integrity in operations can prevent the Company from facing legal penalties, lawsuits, or even shutdowns due to non-compliance with laws.
illegal activities.
It also ensures that company resources are not misused, thereby safeguarding employees  job rights and ensuring equal treatment.
Positive: Economy: Customized topic Product and Continued investment in innovative research and development ( R&D ) Adhering to an innovative mindset and continuously investing in product or service enhancements and improvements Service Innovation management enhances product competitiveness while reducing negative can boost competitiveness and enhance operational performance, thereby benefiting consumers.
impacts on the environment.
Additionally, innovation enables the Environment: continuous provision of novel products and services, thereby boosting Combining innovative technologies and research into emerging materials, using environmentally friendly materials and Product Innovation overall industry value.
processes, and continuously enhancing products and services to reduce environmental impact.
and Sustainability Negative: People: Lack of robust product innovation and sustainable management may lead Encouraging employees to contribute their creativity fully and inviting suppliers to jointly develop environmentally friendly to product failures causing harm to customers or the environment.
Without materials.
Working together with internal and external partners through strategies and concrete actions to actively maintaining advanced technologies, the Company may struggle to provide innovate.
innovative services or products in response to market changes, thus lowering market competitiveness.
Positive: Economy: GRI 416: Customer Quality By implementing rigorous product quality and safety control processes, Establishing a comprehensive quality management system and processes to ensure the safety of products used by Health and Safety Management Medtecs ensures the quality and reliability of its textiles, medical equipment, customers can enhance their confidence in the Company, leading to long-term partnerships and improving and PPE, thereby meeting customer needs and delivering competitive competitiveness and operational performance.
products.
Environment: Product Quality and Negative: Through effective quality management procedures, ensuring that the production process complies with regulations helps Safety Inadequate management of product quality and safety can result in the avoid negative impacts on environmental safety due to poor process management.
inability to provide customers with excellent products and services, leading People: to a decrease in customer trust.
Failure to continuously adapt management The Company places importance on product safety and quality.
Through training of relevant personnel and rigorous systems to international standards and market demands may lead to a loss quality management procedures, the safety of products after launch is ensured, thereby avoiding impacts on the health of product competitiveness.
and safety of customers and consumers.
11 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Corresponding Corresponding GRI Material Topics Positive/Negative Impact Impact on the Economy, Environment, and People (Responses to Risks and Opportunities) Sections in the Standards Report Product Marketing Positive: Economy: GRI 417: Marketing and Quality and Information Adhering to regulatory standards and effectively implementing product Compliance with relevant product labeling regulations in various regions, completing product verification properly, and Labeling Management Labeling marketing and information labeling can protect the rights of customers and obtaining product permits can ensure that customers and consumers receive clear product-related information, which consumers, increasing their trust in Medtecs products.
increases their confidence in the Company and improves operational performance.
Negative: Environment: Failure to comply with regulations may result in penalties from regulatory Clear and detailed product labeling helps users make the most of your product while minimising environmental harm by authorities or harm to customer rights, thereby affecting the Company s providing comprehensive information on contents, usage, and disposal.
financial condition and damaging its reputation.
People: Clear labeling of product information with relevant warnings and including a consumer service hotline can prevent harm to health and safety caused by improper use of products by customers and consumers.
Sustainable Supply Positive: Economy: GRI 204: Procurement Sustainable Chain Establishing a supplier management mechanism and collaborating with Establishing a comprehensive supply chain management system to stabilize the supply of goods can enhance Practices Supply Chain suppliers to build a sustainable supply chain can ensure that suppliers operational efficiency and increase revenue.
GRI 308: Supplier uphold human rights and work together to achieve energy conservation, Environment: Environmental carbon reduction, and operational cost reduction.
Collaborating with suppliers to improve sustainability performance, including developing energy-saving and carbon- Assessment Negative: reduction plans; conversely, a lack of emphasis on environmental management in the supply chain may increase legal GRI 414: Supplier Failure to implement sustainable supplier management leads to a lack of risks.
Social Assessment insight into suppliers  human rights and environmental management People: practices.
This could result in adverse effects on the Company, society, and Human rights disputes in the supply chain can lead to a decline in customer trust and a reduction in order quantity.
the environment, such as reputational risk.
GHG Emissions Positive: Economy: GRI 305: Emissions Climate Change Conducting an inventory to track the Company s GHG emissions allows for Procuring energy-efficient equipment that complies with the low-energy standards announced by the Energy Strategy and effective data management and future planning of carbon reduction Administration, Ministry of Economic Affairs, establishing energy-saving equipment with the Energy Label, and reducing Management pathways and strategies.
This can lead to the adoption of low-energy the demand for coal and fuel oil usage to decrease electricity and fuel-related expenses.
equipment, which reduces emissions and associated air pollution.
Environment: Negative: Conducting an organisational GHG inventory and planning carbon reduction strategies to avoid excessive GHG Failure to effectively manage GHG emissions may lead to higher carbon emissions that could impact the environment.
costs (such as local market carbon fees or tariffs) due to non-compliance People: with regulations.
This can also lead to increased air pollution if emissions Enhancing employees' awareness of environmental protection and energy conservation helps develop internal talent are not reduced.
capable of creating and executing effective carbon reduction strategies.
Water Management Positive: Economy: GRI 303: Water and Water Effective water resources management can increase water usage Increasing water resources efficiency and the proportion of recycled water usage can reduce expenses related to water Effluents Management efficiency, water recycling rates, and wastewater treatment effectiveness, bills and wastewater treatment.
thereby reducing the overall water consumption and minimising negative Environment: impacts on the surrounding environment and public health.
Implementing a rigorous water resources management system prevents the excessive depletion of local water resources Negative: and avoids environmental pollution and regulatory fines caused by wastewater leakage Lack of proper water resources management may result in inefficient water People: use, water wastage, and water pollution, leading to adverse environmental The Company ensures that local residents  water resource needs are not compromised, and controlling wastewater and health impacts.
treatment can also reduce potential impacts on public health, avoiding negative effects on the Company s reputation.
12 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Corresponding Corresponding GRI Material Topics Positive/Negative Impact Impact on the Economy, Environment, and People (Responses to Risks and Opportunities) Sections in the Standards Report Waste Management Positive: Economy: GRI 306: Waste Waste Effective waste management, such as reducing waste and implementing Collaborating with suppliers to implement waste disposal measures can prevent fines due to waste pollution.
Additionally, Management recycling measures, improves the living conditions and health of residents promoting a circular economy effectively reduces waste volume and related disposal costs.
and stakeholders around Medtecs' facilities.
Environment: Negative: Effective waste management reduces the environmental impact of waste disposal, which in turn helps protect the Failure to manage waste properly may harm the health of residents and Company s reputation.
stakeholders around Medtecs  facilities and may even lead to environmental People: pollution.
Prudent management of waste sorting, transfer, and disposal processes ensures the health and safety of personnel and reduces the risk of subsequent compensation claims against the Company.
Talent Attraction and Positive: Economy: GRI 401: Employment Talent Attraction Retention The Company prioritises employee compensation, benefits, and talent Planning and providing competitive compensation and benefits, along with diverse recruitment channels for attracting GRI 402: and Retention development by establishing fair compensation and promotion systems that top talent, can enhance the Company s competitiveness and inject growth momentum into revenue.
Labor/Management facilitate the recruitment and retention of outstanding talent.
Environment: Relations 2016 Negative: N/A GRI 405: Diversity and Failure to prioritise employee compensation, benefits, and talent People: Equal Opportunity 2016 development may hinder the attraction and retention of top talent, leading Designing a robust compensation system and offering opportunities for diverse career development can enhance to high turnover rates, a lack of succession planning, and ultimately employee job engagement and satisfaction, making it easier for the Company to retain outstanding talents.
impacting the company s sustainable operations and innovation capabilities.
Talent Training and Positive: Economy: GRI 404: Training and Talent Training Development Dedicating efforts to talent development and empowerment can invigorate Talent is the foundation of business growth.
Valuing and continuously cultivating and developing employees can enhance Education and Development corporate culture and enhance talent effectiveness, leading to improved their innovation and efficiency, thereby increasing the Company s competitiveness and revenue growth momentum.
service and production efficiency, higher product quality, a better user Environment: experience, and a strengthened competitive advantage in the market.
NA Negative: People: Neglecting talent cultivation and empowerment, such as insufficient Valuing and actively nurturing employees can harness their talents while enhancing job satisfaction, engagement, and employee training, may result in operational errors, decreased product overall fulfillment.
quality, or failures that harm customer interests and reduce the Company s market competitiveness.
Occupational Safety Positive: Economy: GRI 403: Occupational Occupational and Health A well-planned occupational safety and health management system, A comprehensive occupational safety and health management system helps identify workplace risks, so as to prevent Safety and Health Safety and Health including managing hazardous chemicals, monitoring work environments, accidents in advance and reduce the likelihood of legal penalties as a result of occupational safety and health incidents.
developing various protection and management plans for different work Environment: groups, providing education and training, will effectively maintain workplace A well-managed occupational safety and health system assists companies in managing hazardous substances, ensuring safety and health for employees and contractors, as well as prevent proper monitoring and disposal of organic solvents, dust, specific chemicals, and other harmful substances in the environmental pollution.
workplace, thereby reducing the environmental burden.
Negative: People: The lack of a comprehensive occupational safety and health management An effective occupational safety and health management system effectively protects contractors and employees, system may jeopardize personnel safety and health and lead to establishing a safe and healthy workplace.
environmental pollution.
13 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Stakeholder Engagement After the Group identifies stakeholders according to the AA1000 Stakeholder Engagement Standard, it assesses the relationships and impact levels between each stakeholder group and Medtecs with the guidance of the Sustainability Reporting Council and external consultants.
In 2023, the Company decided to continue engaging with the same seven categories of stakeholders as in the previous year.
They include shareholders, financial institutions, employees, government agencies, local communities, customers, and suppliers.
We respond to stakeholders  concerns through open and diverse communication channels and platforms.
We have also created a Sustainability section on Medtecs  official website to inform stakeholders about our efforts on various sustainability issues.
The communication channels and frequency of communication between Medtecs and stakeholders are as follows: Community Group Examples of Engagement (Frequency) Issues   Announcements of the Group s financial results made through SGXNet, Taiwan Stock Exchange Market Observation Post System, and the Company s official website (as needed)   Risk management Shareholders   Annual report and sustainability report (once a year)   Corporate governance   Annual general meeting (once a year)   Company s official website (as needed)   Risk management Financial institutions   Annual report (once a year)   Corporate governance   Mutual visits and exchanges (from time to time)   E-mail (immediately)   Suggestion box, complaint mailbox, and hotline (immediately)   Talent attraction and retention   Internal and external training programs (from time to time)   Talent training and development   Gatherings and events within the department or Company events (from time to time) Employees   Occupational safety and health   Performance evaluations (twice a year)   Operational performance   Labor management meetings (quarterly)   Salaries and benefits   Management meetings (monthly)   Employee satisfaction surveys (from time to time)   Risk management   Announcements of the Group s financial results made through SGXNet, Taiwan Stock Exchange Market Observation Post System, and the Company s official website (as   Corporate governance Government agencies needed)   Regulatory compliance   Verbal and written communication with relevant authorities regarding obtaining or renewal of permits (from time to time)   Labor relations   Public welfare and charitable activities (from time to time) Local communities   Community care and public welfare   Volunteer service (from time to time)   Company s official website and social media platforms (from time to time)   Product labeling and sales   Customer satisfaction surveys (annually) responsibility Customers   Remote inspection for customers (from time to time)   Service and product quality   Participation in physical and virtual exhibitions (3-5 times per year)   Customer relations   Customer contact (daily)   Company s official website (from time to time) Suppliers   E-mail (from time to time)   Sustainable supply chain   Telephone and messaging apps (from time to time) 14 15 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Innovation Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Corporate Governance Medtecs Group upholds a core business philosophy of Accountability, for 60% of the Board.
All external directors are considered independent Transparency, and Sustainability.
By maintaining high standards of within the meaning of the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of   Criteria for Board Performance Evaluation: corporate governance, the Company also enhances investor confidence.
the SGX-ST and the Code of Corporate Governance.
To ensure the   Board size and composition Appropriate culture, values, and ethical behavior standards are built avoidance and mitigation of conflicts of interest between the Board and   Accessibility and credibility of information available to the upon effective corporate governance, which not only safeguards the senior management, the Group has established the Code of Ethics and Board/committees/directors Professional Conduct (the  Code ).
Measures include identifying interests of stakeholders but also enhances shareholder value, thereby   Performance in decision-making and execution of key tasks conflicts of interest, abstaining from certain activities, and disclosing realizing long-term sustainable business operations.
Communication with management and behavioral standards of familial and financial interests.
For more information on the Board each director members, functional committees, Board compensation policies, and Corporate Governance Framework shareholder-related information, please refer to Medtecs  2023 Annual Based on the evaluation results, the Chairman and CEO consult with the Report.
The Board serves as the Company s highest governance body and Nominating Committee and recommend suitable candidates for new oversees functional committees such as the Audit Committee, appointments or resignations.
The Board meets on a quarterly basis to discuss and formulate the Nominating Committee, and Remuneration Committee.
Additionally, the Group s overall strategic direction and the Company s governance Sustainability Reporting Council, composed of senior executives from The Group conducts at least one Board performance evaluation every framework.
Additional meetings are convened whenever necessary to various departments, is supervised by the Audit Committee.
year.
The Nominating Committee evaluates each director and discusses, fulfill their duties.
Each meeting is scheduled by the directors in advance, analyses, and provides recommendations based on the evaluation and may be conducted via telephone or video conferencing.
Decisions results to enhance the overall performance of the Board.
Currently, the Board of the Board and other functional committees may also be made through Group has not integrated the Company s sustainability goals and 3 independent directors and 2 executive directors circular resolutions.
performance into the Board performance evaluation; therefore, these factors are not linked to Board compensation.
This aspect will be In 2023, the Board held a total of four meetings, discussing various discussed in the future.
The overall performance of the Board in 2023 Audit Nominating Remuneration topics including economic performance, procurement practices, supplier was satisfactory and aligned with the Nominating Committee s views.
Committee Committee Committee environmental assessment, emissions, energy, waste, water and Furthermore, all committees operated effectively.
However, this effluents, occupational safety and health, training and education, assessment has not yet undergone external evaluation.
Sustainability Reporting Council customer health and safety, and marketing and labeling, encompassing 11 material topics from FY2022.
The attendance rate of individual Education and Training for Board Members directors was 100% for each meeting.
The directors have years of experience in corporate governance and are Environmental Social Governance familiar with their responsibilities and duties as directors.
To effectively Evaluation of Board Members  Performance contribute to the Board, directors must stay updated on the latest The Group is committed to sustainable development.
Its operational business and legal developments and regularly enhance their skills and Each year, the Nominating Committee reviews and assesses the strategies are formulated by a Board possessing the independence, knowledge.
Therefore, the Group provides opportunities and activities, standards for evaluating the performance of the Board.
After diverse thinking, and backgrounds to make decisions that align with the such as visits to the Group s operating facilities and meetings with recommending an objective set of performance criteria and processes, Company s best interests.
As at 31 December 2023, there were five management, to increase their understanding of the Group s business which are approved by the Board, the evaluation is conducted to assess directors: two executive directors and three independent directors and strategies, and to discuss and formulate relevant sustainable the independence of the entire Board and individual committees, as well (including one female director), with independent directors accounting development strategies.
for 60% of the Board.
As at the date of this report, there were five as the members  contributions to the Group.
The duties of directors are directors: two executive directors and three independent directors all aimed at effectively enhancing long-term shareholder value; therefore, (including two female directors), with independent directors accounting performance is closely linked to the directors  compensation system.
16 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Integrity Management For Medtecs, integrity governance is the cornerstone of establishing Material Topic: Integrity Governance the right corporate culture, values, and ethical behavior.
It not only 2023 Targets Our Progress enhances shareholder value but also considers the interests of all stakeholders, ensuring that the Company balances economic Continuous education and training for employees: To objectives with social responsibilities.
continue to coach and educate Medtecs Group Completed anti-bribery and anti-corruption training for the entire Taiwan region; scheduled an online assessment on the Group s employees on basic legal knowledge.
This will   whistleblowing policy for the management team in Cambodia in June; conducted tax regulation education and training in Taiwan Medtecs is committed to following the principles of good governance, enhance the overall level of corporate governance and Cambodia.
by ensuring that all employees understand and and adhering to the core values of Accountability, Transparency, and comply with relevant laws and regulations.
Sustainability to maintain high standards of corporate governance.
Establishment and implementation of policies and We continuously strengthen internal management policies and systems: To establish, promote, and implement systems to enhance the Group s overall risk resilience and operational various policies and procedural regulations within Launched various policies and procedures within the Group, including the Waste Management Policy for the factory in Cambodia, efficiency.
Furthermore, we adhere to local tax regulations at each the Group.
This includes aspects ranging from   the Visitor Policy for the Philippines office, the multilingual Grievance Procedures, and the Contract Management Policy for the operating site and comply with international tax standards to internal controls to risk management, ensuring entire Group.
accurately calculate taxes and file returns within the statutory consistency and transparency in the Group s deadlines, responsibly fulfilling our tax obligations.
This approach operations.
further promotes sustainable growth and development within the Enhancement of efficiency and effectiveness in legal Group.
dispute resolution: To monitor the progress of disputes and legal actions to learn to optimise case Actively monitored potential legal risks, Optimised internal processes, and collaborated with external legal teams whose specialties management, and protect the Company s interests align with our operational needs.
Our focused legal strategy included managing a case of non-compliance in influencer   and reputation.
To establish a post-litigation review endorsement advertisements and resolving a dispute effectively.
These actions not only reduced related expenses but also mechanism, with the expectation of incorporating preserved the company s reputation.
results into standard operating procedures to enhance departmental efficiency.
Future Targets .
Assessment of the Group s risk gaps and strengthen compliance awareness: to enhance employee compliance awareness through ongoing legal training and conduct regular risk assessments to identify and address potential risk gaps.
Refinement and enforcement of policies and procedures across the organisation, simultaneously optimising our contract 2024 Targets management processes, which is aimed at boosting overall efficiency and ensuring greater transparency throughout the Group.
Use of artificial intelligence ( AI ) technology to enhance our document management and archiving systems.
This integration aims to significantly improve the speed and accuracy of data retrieval processes across the Group.
Collaboration with external legal advisors: to ensure professional support and legal guidance for the Group s various operating sites through ongoing cooperation with external legal advisors.
Develop an advanced system for litigation case tracking and management, so as to enhance the effectiveness of tracking and monitoring the progress of each litigation case, and to ensure timely responses and strategic management throughout the legal process.
2030 Targets   Develop AI-driven legal assistants for workflow efficiency within our legal department, and for streamlining processes and reducing the time required for routine tasks.
Establish a global risk management framework to ensure that regional operations comply with local regulations and maintain consistent standards.
17 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Integrity Management and Regulatory Compliance Medtecs Group adheres to integrity governance as the cornerstone of its operations.
We establish consistent In 2023, the Company was penalized for the following incident and had implemented improvement measures and appropriate culture, values, and ethical behavior standards at all levels of the Company.
The Board and as a response: functional committees follow the Code and the Code of Conduct for Dealing in Securities to realize the goals of corporate integrity management.
Penalty date Penalized entity Description of violation Improvement measures This year, the Group continued to improve its policies related to integrity management, including: August 31, 2023 Medtecs (Taiwan) On August 3, 2023, during a All supervisors and employees are now Corporation labor inspection conducted by required to clock in and out for work.
Field   Amending the Waste Management Policies for the factory in Cambodia.
the Tainan City Government at employees use a cloud-based clock-in   Establishing the Visitor Policies for the Philippines office to enhance visitor safety and management the linens room in SinLau system, whereas on-site personnel use time Hospital in Madou, Tainan, it clocks or sign-in/sign-out methods to record efficiency.
was found that employee attendance.
Completing the multilingual Grievance Procedures for the Group to effectively improve cross-border attendance records only communication efficiency and accuracy, while ensuring that employees from different language Additionally, the Company has required the tracked daily work hours and backgrounds can smoothly file complaints and provide feedback when needed.
sign in/out records of all hospital linens room did not record to the minute, personnel to record time to the minute to which violated Article 30, These policy revisions not only enhanced employee engagement and satisfaction but also further strengthened prevent similar violations from occurring in Paragraph 6 of the Labor the Group s integrity culture.
Additionally, the of the Group s Contract Management Policy reinforced control Standards Act.
As a result, the the future.
and supervision over the contract process, improving efficiency while ensuring consistency and accuracy in Company was fined execution.
NT$20,000 by the Tainan City Government.
All members of the Medtecs Group (including employees, consultants, agents, temporary staff, and other representatives of the Group) are responsible for understanding and adhering to the Code, relevant policies Apart from the aforementioned incident, the Group had no other major violations in 2023.
and operating procedures, as well as applicable laws and regulations.
Senior executives and managers, in particular, have a special responsibility to foster integrity culture through leading by example and ensuring that The Group classifies major violations as events that are illegal, non-compliant, or in breach of company their teams understand the expectations of the Group.
Additionally, supervisors engage in regular discussions regulations, and which significantly impact the Company's operations or external interactions.
Although the with their teams, discussing the provisions of the Code and how they govern day-to-day work.
Company has no definitive list, major violations may include, but are not limited to, the following: To continuously track regulatory compliance and ensure adherence to regulatory requirements, the following   Significant legal or regulatory breaches, such as corruption and fraud approaches have been adopted:   Material violations of company policies, including major infringements of the code of conduct or internal control system   Use AI tools: To Use AI tools to automatically track and report regulatory changes.
Severe business or management failures resulting in substantial financial losses or operational errors   Timely regulatory updates: To leverage the expertise and resources of external legal advisors to   Major externally impactful events, such as serious environmental accidents or social incidents regularly receive alerts and updates on changes in laws and regulations.
Participation in seminars and training sessions organised by external advisors: To attend seminars and Major violations can have serious consequences for the Company, including damage to the Company s training organised by external advisors to stay updated on the latest legal changes and best compliance operations, finance, legitimacy and credibility.
Therefore, the Company needs to take necessary preventive practices.
and remedial measures.
Anti-Corruption The Group s Code prohibits any form of direct or indirect bribery and corruption.
This prohibition applies to all directors, employees, agents, and representatives.
The Group s Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy governs all of its business activities and applies to interactions with stakeholders such as government officials, customers, suppliers, partners (including healthcare professionals), and contractors.
18 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment   Optimise the internal control system of the Philippines subsidiary.
The Group has conducted a risk assessment for corruption in Taiwan and there were no corruption-related   Establish the internal control system for Medtecs  company in Hangzhou, China.
events or litigation related to anti-competitive behavior, antitrust, or monopoly behavior in 2023.
In the future,   Formulate and implement a group-level internal audit system to establish a sound internal supervision risk assessments will be expanded to other overseas operations.
mechanism.
Conduct in-depth self-assessments for various cycle processes including sales and receivables, Furthermore, to ensure that employees maintain awareness of anti-corruption practices, the Group completed procurement and payments, production and research, and fixed assets based on the audit procedures anti-bribery and anti-corruption training for the entire office employees based in Taiwan in March 2023.
A total used at Cambodian subsidiaries to continuously improve internal control.
of 77 employees completed the training, accounting for 100% of all office staff (excluding new hires).
In 2024,   Implement risk management systems in Taiwan subsidiary to update the progress of tracking items on the Company will arrange for 100% of all office staff to receive training.
Additionally, two directors on the Board the risk monitoring table for each department.
had participated in the training, representing 40% of all Board members.
This training not only enhanced   Optimise the decision-making authority table in each subsidiary of the Group.
employees' legal knowledge but also improved their understanding of contract risk control.
At the end of June,   Inspect the effectiveness of the Group's 7S management activities and promote continuous the Cambodian management team took an online test on Medtecs' whistleblowing policy to raise awareness improvement.
of reporting potential violations.
These measures demonstrate our firm commitment to creating a transparent, fair, and accountable work environment.
Reporting System Internal Audit The Group is committed to complying with high standards of accounting, financial reporting, internal control, corporate governance, auditing requirements, and any related laws and regulations.
To uphold this To bolster the internal control system, the Internal Control Department diligently maintained and updated the commitment, the Group has established a whistleblowing policy to allow employees to express concerns about decision-making authority tables for different positions across Medtecs Group's operating locations in Taiwan, the Company while ensuring protection for whistleblowers from retaliation or harm.
China, Cambodia, and the Philippines.
Multiple reporting channels and their explanations are as follows, and the content of any report will be kept confidential: In addition, the Internal Control Department has initiated an internal review of the Company s sustainability   Employees should first raise their concerns with their immediate supervisor.
If the matter involves their reporting processes.
This review aims to identify areas for improvement and ensure that the Company's immediate supervisor, manager, or department head, or if for any other reason the whistleblower does sustainability reporting is accurate, transparent, and aligned with the industry s best practices.
By continuously not wish to disclose their identity, they can report to the HR supervisor or HR manager.
assessing and optimising these processes, the Company seeks to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of   Reports can be made through a designated email address, which is monitored by members of the its operations, as well as its ability to identify and manage potential risks.
Company s governance team and the HR Department, and then submitted to the Audit Committee and Chairman of the Board.
In Taiwan, the Internal Control Department implemented risk management policies and procedures and guided   Reports can also be made to the Country manager, who will then forward the information to the Audit each department to complete risk control self-assessments.
The results were incorporated into the risk Committee and Chairman of the Board.
monitoring table for management, enhancing the Company's overall risk management.
Any relevant questions or information should be submitted in writing (via letter or email).
The Group For the newly inaugurated glove factory in Cambodia, the Internal Control Department set up project teams to recommends that whistleblowers provide a detailed description of the background, process, and plan and promote the establishment of an internal control system, including internal control measures and reasons for the report.
If the whistleblower is unable or uncomfortable with submitting the information management systems for each operating cycle, to ensure that the new factory's internal control system is in writing, they can telephone or meet the appropriate officer in confidence at a time and location to be sound and complete.
determined together.
The Company ensures that the whistleblower s identity will be kept confidential (unless the In terms of internal audits, the Internal Control Department conducted audits on the Group s Cambodian whistleblower chooses to disclose their identity), and all communications will be treated as highly subsidiary, MCCL, covering key areas such as fixed asset management, procurement and payment, and confidential.
inventory management.
The department also provided recommendations for the problems found to continuously improve the level of internal control.
Reporting Channels In 2024, the Internal Control Department will further improve the Group's internal control system and enhance Responsible Unit: Group Legal Department / Group Human Resources & Administration Department overall risk management capabilities through the following initiatives: Email: whistleblowing@medtecs.com 19 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Operational Strategy and Performance (US$  000); earning per share in cents Item/Year 2021 2022 2023 Operating revenue 144,155 56,243 52,639 Operational Strategy and Goals Gross profit(loss) 42,034 (3,337) 5,957 Medtecs Group remains committed to investing in the research and development of PPE, with the goal of Operating profit/loss 15,121 (34,020) (25,806) improving product quality and production efficiency to boost its competitive edge in the global market.
Moving Non-operating income and expenses 1,797 3,366 3,291 forward, the Company will continue to collaborate closely with partners and customers, focusing on structural Profit before tax 16,918 (30,654) (22,515) adjustments in key areas such as quality assurance, product certification and compliance, production efficiency, Profit (Loss) after tax for the current period 16,510 (29,263) (22,488) Total comprehensive income for the current period 15,869 (32,572) (22,007) and delivery times.
The Group's overall operational strategy can be broken down into three main aspects: Earnings per share 3.171 (5.244) (3.866) Employee welfare expenses 7,836 11,792 9,518   In response to escalating geopolitical and war risks impacting global supply chains, Medtecs is taking Dividends 22,840 3,271 - decisive steps to bolster our supply chain resilience.
We plan to adjust our inventory levels using Employee compensation (including employee benefits) 7,836 11,792 9,518 Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) and AI technology, while also strengthening partnerships with key Retained economic value 16,486 (29,263) (22,488) suppliers.
Additionally, we will optimize our production processes and enhance logistics and distribution Payments to investors 22,840 3,271 - efficiencies.
These measures are aimed at enhancing the stability and flexibility of our supply chain, Payments to the government 501 (1,391) (27) minimising operational risks, and ensuring a rapid, efficient response to customer demands.
Community investment 1,186 62 102 Note:   To cope with global political, economic, and financial fluctuations and challenges, Medtecs will leverage 1.
Payments to investors  refers to the distribution of dividends to all shareholders, as well as the payment of interest to lenders (including any form technologies such AI, Application Programming Interfaces ( APIs ), data analytics, and automation to of debt and interest on borrowing) and unpaid dividends to preferred stockholders.
enhance operational efficiency and effectiveness, thereby ensuring the Company s continued growth 2.
Payments to the government  refers to all taxes (including business tax, profit-seeking enterprise income tax, and property tax) and fines.
and development.
3.
Employee benefits in  employee compensation (including employee benefits)  include labor insurance, national health insurance, retirement pension, and other monetary benefits provided to employees (excluding education and training, protective equipment costs, or other costs directly related to employee job duties).
As the global population ages, Medtecs is proactively venturing into the longevity industry to cater to 4.
Employee welfare expenses  refers to the expenses for the Company s contribution to the Employee Welfare Committee for the provision of non- the diverse needs of the elderly.
The Company's objective is to establish a comprehensive, long-term monetary benefits to employees, such as employee trips, health checkups, and holiday gifts.
care industry ecosystem that offers a wide range of products and services tailored to the unique 5.
Community investment  refers to donations and contributions.
requirements of older adults.
6.
Retained economic value  is calculated as  direct economic value generated  minus  distributed economic value .
( Direct economic value generated  means revenue.
Distributed economic value  includes operating costs, employee compensation and benefits, payments to lenders, Financial Performance payments to governments by country, and community investments.
) 7.
The  retained economic value  in 2022 has been corrected as the financial figures were unaudited at the time of the previous sustainability report Medtecs  total consolidated revenue in 2023 was about US$ 52.64 million, and net loss after tax was about release.
US$ 22.49 million, representing a decrease of 6.4% and 23.2% in revenue and net loss, respectively, compared to the previous year.
The main reasons for the decline are (1) decrease in sales due to the drop of global (US$  000) Sales to external customers demand of PPE and face masks, and (2) provisions from expected credit loss and impairment of property, Year 2021* 2022 2023 plant and equipment.
The decrease in the number of COVID-19 cases and the relaxation of pandemic Region Total Amount Total Amount Total Amount prevention measures in most countries significantly affected the purchasing habits of most key customers, Taiwan - 18,768 16,560 thereby affecting revenue and net profit.
Luxembourg - 11,705 15,075 United States - 9,149 8,487 In the future, we will continue to transform our operations through initiatives such as developing new products, Philippines - 11,333 5,342 applying for patents and maintaining intellectual property rights, enhancing customer service, and collaborating United Kingdom - 2,507 4,956 with partners to develop new product lines, all aimed at creating operational benefits for shareholders.
The Total - 53,462 50,420 Company did not receive any government subsidies during the reporting period.
*Due to change of auditor in October 2023, the table disclosed above is consistent with the 2023 annual report.
20 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Tax Management Medtecs Group is committed to enhancing tax risk management, maintaining information transparency, and ensuring regulatory compliance.
The Company also supports various government-implemented tax policies designed to promote economic development and sustainable operations.
The Group complies with local tax regulations and legislative spirit at all its operating sites.
The Group bases transactions between business partners on the Arm's Length Principle and complies with the internationally recognised transfer pricing guidelines published by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ).
Financial reporting is transparent, and tax disclosures are handled in accordance with relevant regulations and standards.
The Group does not use tax havens or engage in tax planning for the purpose of tax avoidance.
The Group uses legal and transparent tax incentive policies and does not abuse tax exemptions in ways that violate the spirit of the law.
The Group seeks to build a relationship of mutual respect with tax authorities based on mutual trust and information transparency.
Medtecs Group appoints reputable local accounting firms to handle tax filings for each subsidiary and provides annual financial data for tax accounting firms to prepare tax returns, effectively managing overall tax practices.
The Group also conducts tax-related education and training at operating sites in Taiwan and Cambodia.
Tax information is disclosed regularly through public channels such as the official website and annual reports to ensure transparency for stakeholders.
The tax information for Medtecs Group in 2023 is as follows: Income tax for Operating region Paid income tax Profit before tax Income tax benefit the current period Taiwan (284) 163 368 (107) Cambodia (190)   (3,142) 96 Philippines (95) 11 (4,605) 43 21 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Risk Management To identify all risks and threats and take proactive measures, the Group has established a robust risk management mechanism.
Based on the principle of materiality, the Group conducts risk identification and assessment related to economic (including corporate governance), environmental, social, and other aspects of the Company s operations.
Risks are prioritised based on their potential impact on the Group, and corresponding management measures are developed.
The Audit Committee reviews these measures and provides improvement suggestions.
In 2023, the main risk types faced by the Company and the corresponding response measures are as follows: Risk type Potential risk Risk description Response measures   For fixed export routes, we inquire, compare, and negotiate prices with at least three suppliers every two weeks.
We select suppliers based on their ability to meet our requirements in terms of timeliness and cost-effectiveness.
Failure to negotiate with multiple suppliers and agents (distributors) may result in   We regularly assess third-party suppliers.
The results are recorded in the Supplier Periodic Assessment Form by the decreased competitiveness of product prices and quality, which could affect the Company s Supply Chain Management and Quality Control departments before they are submitted for approval.
profitability and lead to delays in the shipment of materials, affecting import/export   The assessment team (including Quality Control and Production supervisors) assesses suppliers according to the criteria Supply chain Supply chain risk scheduling.
in the Supplier Evaluation Form, which includes the supplier's willingness to sign the Supplier Purchase Agreement.
The   Failure to conduct regular assessment evaluations of suppliers and agents (distributors) results are submitted to the president/chairman/manager of the responsible department according to the approval may result in significant discrepancies between their offered prices, quality and actual authority table.
Those who pass the assessment will be recorded in the Qualified Supplier List by the Supply Chain market or implementation.
Management Department.
We continue to track major raw material market trends and provide trend analysis in the bi-weekly procurement report, including the main materials for glove factories - latex and chemical packaging.
The development of a product without a feasibility evaluation may result in abnormalities,   The product development team conducts review meetings with Production, Quality Control, Supply Chain Management, affecting the overall development cost and launch schedule.
Poor quality of supplied goods Sales and Marketing departments to review the competitive environment of our products in the market and evaluate may cause problems in product development, and the product quality could not meet the development costs.
requirements, resulting in a delay in the product trial stage.
R&D and production risk   We implement proactive measures to mitigate the impact of various natural disasters, including floods, fires, earthquakes,   In the event of emergencies such as power outages, natural disasters, etc.
, the lack of and typhoons, in order to minimise the risk of injuries.
Our staff undergoes comprehensive training in advance to ensure corresponding handling measures may result in the Company's production line coming to swift and effective response during such events.
Additionally, we conduct regular equipment inspections to identify and a halt.
Failure to obtain or find qualified suppliers to cooperate within the deadline will face address any signs of wear, thus prolonging the lifespan of our equipment.
the inability to bid and fulfil contracts.
Giving excessive credit limits without fully understanding the customer's situation may not   The Sales team is required to include a customer's credit limit when adding them to the database and submitting the only lead to bad debts or overdue payments it is difficult to predict customer order Customer Information Form for approval.
quantities, causing a lack of reference for stocking.
The Sales team is required to regularly review customer credit limits and make appropriate adjustments after conducting Operation and   Inadequate handling of customer complaints may result in customer loss or a negative background checks.
governance image of the Company, which may seriously damage the Company's reputation.
In order to enhance competitiveness and reduce lead time, we engage in materials procurement for our long-term   Failure to obtain or find qualified suppliers within the deadline may result in the inability to customers with recurring orders.
We periodically confirm the quantity of materials procured with the customers to prevent bid and fulfil contracts.
This may result in fines or being blacklisted, preventing participation any potential disputes.
Additionally, the stock availability and pricing of the materials must receive annual approval from in other bidding opportunities.
the supervisor.
This ensures efficient operations and maintains customer satisfaction.
Sales risk   When we receive a customer complaint, the Sales team shall figure out the cause of the issue, handle it accordingly, and fill out the Customer Complaint Handling Form.
After the form is approved by the department supervisor, it is submitted to the Quality Control department for cause analysis and tracking progress.
The Quality Control department will record the handling method and preventive measures in the Customer Complaint Handling Form and submit it to the Sales team to reply to the customer.
To establish a performance evaluation process for government tender bids, the sales department must first confirm a customer order.
Subsequently, they should coordinate with the production and warehouse departments to gather the necessary details such as the product name, quantity, and delivery date.
Once the feasibility of the order is determined, 22 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Risk type Potential risk Risk description Response measures the information should be recorded in the  order maintenance tracker  and subsequently submitted for approval.
The Group s network and data management processes if not covered sufficiently, may   When a network issue occurs, it is repaired immediately with the troubleshooting steps recorded.
The Company s result in data breaches such as theft of confidential files and leakage of trade secrets, which information security is also regularly reviewed and strengthened.
could potentially lead to system failure.
The Company forbids the use of removable media or any type of portable storage device.
Personal storage devices   Failure to timely update operational regulations may result in operational deficiencies and should not be used for storage of any Company information or be used with Company hardware.
Case control records negligence in departmental operational processes, leading to losses for the Company.
Operation risk are maintained by department heads and reviewed from time to time by the heads of the Company s Information Technology Department and Internal Control Department.
Implementation of annual network vulnerability scans by vendors, semi-annual data restoration drills, and biennial disaster recovery exercises for mainframe recovery.
Keep up with regulatory changes through the assistance of external lawyers and consultants to ensure compliance.
The properties covered by the Company's insurance, including buildings, vehicles, and other important items, are managed by the Property Management unit.
Each piece of equipment undergoes regular usability checks as it has a specific lifespan.
In the event of a disaster, on-   Failure to insure fixed assets may result in a lack of protection in the event of a disaster, or site employees in close proximity are responsible for handling the situation and promptly reporting it to supervisors at all failure to obtain the entitlements of insured fixed assets after a disaster.
levels.
Improper management of machinery and equipment may result in a lack of contingency Fixed asset risk   The accounting unit conducts an annual inventory in accordance with the Asset Inventory List in collaboration with the measures in the event of a disaster, causing losses for the Company.
Property Management unit and the Audit department.
Property inventory, if not regularly updated and reviewed, may lead to a discrepancy   Property tags should be created based on asset numbers to facilitate inventory management.
between actual fixed assets and accounting records.
Assets should be managed according to the Fixed Asset Regulations, and a list of non-accountable fixed assets for general affairs should be established.
Inventory of non-accountable fixed assets for general affairs should be conducted every 6 months.
Monthly analysis of the Company s financial credit rating is conducted to establish a line of credit with banks and maintain good relationships with multiple financial institutions.
Inability to raise sufficient funds when needed may lead to operational disruption for the   The Company has established an investment decision-making process to increase awareness and recognition of the Company.
overall economic environment and familiarity with various market hedging instruments.
Due to the adverse effects from financial and global political turbulence, lower-than-   The Company has developed an investment plan that includes investment areas and targets, fund size, annualized target Financial risk expected investment performance for the Company, significant fluctuations in interest rates, return rate, trial period for funds, investment sources (including external investment institution analysis reports), and or fluctuations in exchange rates may occur, which leads to exchange losses or increased operation mode of the investment working group.
Appropriate investment targets are selected on the basis of the manufacturing costs for existing positions and future transactions, and may bring about investment decision-making process and management framework, investment matters are executed, and the investment decreased profits or even losses for the Company.
results are reported.
For investments in the stock capital market, technical and fundamental financial ratio analysis and credit rating assessment are conducted to ensure investment profitability.
Failure to familiarize with relevant laws related to the Company s operations or differences in laws between countries may result in losses for the Company or even cause a negative   The Company consults external professionals on a regular basis to monitor and stay updated on relevant regulations in impact on the Company s reputation.
Legal and compliance various countries.
Insufficient regulation compliance/legal awareness among the Company s employees, risk   Regular education and training programs are conducted to enhance employees' awareness of compliance and legal performing unauthorized actions, or failure to follow contract management procedures knowledge, and contract management policies and procedures are implemented.
when signing legally binding documents with external parties may lead to errors or the inclusion of unequal terms, causing improper decision- making risks.
If relevant technical expertise for the Company s operations is concentrated in the hands   Standard operating procedures are developed for specific tasks, and training plans are formulated to ensure proper of specific individuals, there may be gaps in work handover.
guidance and consistency in operations.
Regular training sessions are conducted to enhance employee skills and Human resources   Major labor disputes may make recruitment difficult.
knowledge.
management risk   Non-compliance with the Taiwan Labor Standards Act or other relevant laws and   Human resource planning will be properly adjusted accordingly to the changes and development of the Group, and in regulations in personnel management may result in fines from regulatory authorities.
compliant with relevant regulations.
Each year, updates are made to ensure compliance with the Taiwan Labor Standards Act and to align with changes in 23 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Risk type Potential risk Risk description Response measures relevant regulations and industry trends.
The working hours are adjusted periodically to insure ongoing compliance with legal requirements and maintaining a compliant work environment.
To keep pace with global sustainability trends, the Company adopted the TCFD framework, and integrated climate-related risks and opportunities into its business strategy and corporate governance.
Apart from disclosing and implementing response measures relating to such risks and opportunities, we also incorporate climate-related risks into our risk   The increasing impact of climate change due to global warming in recent years has led to management procedures to allocate resources fairly and efficiently, and achieve better financial performance and more frequent extreme weather events, which in turn may affect the production activities of sustainable development.
the Company.
In order to meet the GHG reduction and net-zero emissions targets by 2050, the Company plans to purchase renewable   The Company may face increased capital expenditure due to compliance with emerging energy certificates (priced at approximately US$67 per 1000 kWh of electricity) to reduce its carbon footprint from environmental regulations.
As the use of green energy and environmentally friendly Environment Climate risk electricity usage (based on Taiwan s NDC goals with 2005 as the base year and a 20% emissions reduction by 2030 and materials increases, the Company may also face higher production costs and decreased a 55% reduction by 2050).
profitability.
The Company expects to improve its process to save energy and reduce carbon footprint or use low-carbon materials,   Rising environmental awareness among customers to seek companies with sustainable with an estimated investment of about US$5 million.
At the same time, the Supply Chain Management department shall environmental certifications may result in the transfer of orders, affecting the future prepare a list of replaceable key materials and trimmings, and maintain good communication with supplier to ensure we profitability of the Company.
receive market information as early as possible and prepare in advance.
The Company plans to promote the use of environmentally friendly materials in customer products and will actively recommend the use of such materials to customers.
In the ever-changing business environment, the Company faces many emerging risks such   The Company is considering the establishment of diversified supply chains in different regions to mitigate geopolitical as geopolitical risk, digitalization risk, artificial intelligence and automation risk, social media risks in a single region.
and reputation risk, social diversity and inclusion risk, and biosecurity risk.
These risks may   To strengthen data security measures, the Company plans to implement the Personal Data Security Protection not have received sufficient attention in the past, but with the development of society, Regulations for the Medical Equipment Wholesale and Retail Business to prevent digitalization risks.
technology, and regulations, they have become important factors affecting the Company s   Employees will receive relevant training on digital risks and artificial intelligence to increase their awareness.
sustainable development.
The Company will actively engage with social media to promptly respond to potential crisis situations and handle potential   In response to these emerging risks, the Company needs to be flexible, strengthen risk reputation risks.
Emerging risks Emerging risk management and crisis response capabilities, and actively apply ESG (Environmental,   Periodic multicultural promotion activities, including events like Pride Month and Earth Day will be held to promote a Social, and Corporate Governance) principles to ensure sustainable operations and culture of diversity and inclusivity within the Company.
development.
The Company will transparently showcase its efforts by issuing sustainability reports and regularly reporting to stakeholders on the Company's ESG performance and improvement measures.
Implementation of 7S promotion activities, will continue for the sixth consecutive year to improve workplace hygiene standards and ensure the safety of employees and customers.
ESG considerations will be incorporated into business operations and strategic planning.
Risks that do not fall under the categories above but could lead to significant losses for the   After identifying risks and opportunities, the Company discusses possible countermeasures to mitigate the economic Company, such as major external threats or tail risks (extreme risks) triggered by impact of each risk while setting achievable targets.
Others Other risk catastrophic events.
The Company s risk management structure encompasses the Board, Chairman, and President, Risk Management Team,   Other risks should be managed according to their characteristics and impact level by and various functional teams.
Each functional team is responsible for monitoring risks specific to their area, developing establishing appropriate risk management procedures.
appropriate countermeasures, and reporting their findings to senior management.
24 25 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Product and Service Innovation Product innovation and sustainability have a profound impact on the Material Topic: Product Innovation and Sustainability Company s competitiveness, customer satisfaction, and brand image.
2023 Targets Our Progress Through product innovation, the Company can maintain a competitive advantage in the market and increase opportunities to enter new markets or expand existing market share.
Innovative and sustainable Develop a distributor business model.
Business Model Development: Successfully developed five major distributors in Taiwan.
products also contribute to enhancing customer satisfaction and improving the Company s brand image.
Medtecs  vision is to  better the world s health for everyone, Strengthen the depth and scope of the Company s Product Development and Product Line Strengthening: Developed multiple new products, including consumer goods like hydrogel,   everywhere,  and the Company is dedicated to  providing safe and product line, developing consumer goods acne patches, and PPE like nitrile gloves and Type 4 Coverall Yellow.
effective products with speed, warmth, and care.
The Company continues to drive its strategy of expanding into new products and Future Targets markets.
.
Launch at least four new products related to health and safety, with their sales accounting for more than 10% of total revenue 2024 Targets   Establish a dedicated team responsible for new product development and facilitate cross-departmental and external collaborations   The Group will align its operations with its vision and mission, seamlessly integrating cutting-edge AI technologies and robust ESG 2030 Targets principles into its existing foundation.
The Company's focus on product innovation and development is expected to yield a steady year-over-year increase in the proportion of revenue generated from new products.
26 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Medtecs Group, founded over 35 years ago, is currently one of the largest manufacturers of PPE outside of In 2023, the Group also introduced home health products designed for family care, such as acne patches and China.
Its product portfolio includes PPE, medical textiles, medical devices, and integrated hospital solutions.
hydrogel dressings.
The acne patch, which features our patented Peel-Easy application method and individual packaging design, offers improved convenience compared to existing products on the market and reduces the Since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, there has been a significant increase in demand for risk of contamination.
In May 2023, we launched Medtecs OMO acne patch, which has successfully secured contagious disease preventions supplies.
Medtecs Group has seized this opportunity to transition from contract placement in chain lifestyle stores.
We will continue to expand into new channels to enhance the exposure and manufacturing to developing its own brand.
Its flagship brand, Medtecs, is positioned as a leading provider of visibility of our products.
PPE and integrated hospital solutions.
The products are made from the highest quality materials and include disposable PPE that meets international standards for professional protection from head to toe.
These products Nitrile Gloves Premium Type 4 Coverall-Yellow are designed to provide excellent and convenient protection for medical professionals, business professionals, and the general public.
Additionally, Medtecs also offers workwear and environmental sanitation services.
In addition, Medtecs CoverU, is primarily positioned as an e-commerce brand, especially for selling flight suits and protective clothing on Amazon.
By leveraging the different channels and marketing strategies of these two brands, Medtecs aims to fulfill and meet the diverse needs of its customers.
In response to the recent easing of the pandemic, we have collaborated with multiple medical material companies to develop new production lines, aiming to provide comprehensive and convenient product services.
We continue to launch new products based on market demand and customer orders, including nitrile gloves, Medtecs OMO acne patch acne patches, hydrogel patches, and more.
Additionally, leveraging our production advantages, we offer one- stop PPE services in the Philippines, Vietnam, Cambodia, Singapore, and Taiwan.
We are committed to providing our products and technologies to those in need through stable and affordable pricing.
In 2023, the weighted average net price increase for all products sold to the United States was 1.8%, lower than the 3.4% annual growth rate of the U.S. Consumer Price Index (CPI).
New Product Development Process Medtecs values intellectual property rights.
To enhance employees  understanding of intellectual property management principles and improve their response capabilities, we regularly educate our employees on intellectual property issues.
Currently, Medtecs holds five patents and has successfully applied for extensions.
Key Products Developed in 2023 Climate Pledge Friendly Program In the post-pandemic era, the demand for PPE returned to normal levels.
However, consumers, having gone As part of Medtecs Group s steadfast commitment to sustainability, in 2023, we applied for Amazon s Climate through the pandemic experience, are now more conscious about health and hygiene than ever before.
Pledge Friendly program through ClimatePartner.
This initiative aims to encourage businesses to adopt Therefore, in addition to continuing to focus on PPE, Medtecs Group is also considering the development of environmentally friendly practices in product design and manufacturing.
By integrating sustainability principles its existing sales channels and business strategy.
In 2023, the Company sequentially launched medical textiles, into our products, we enhance their environmental friendliness, empowering consumers to make more eco- environmental cleaning and disinfection products, and other consumer products, aiming to enrich its product conscious choices.
This transformation from a concept to action embodies our dedication to sustainability and portfolio and expand its target customer base.
Furthermore, the Company has observed the trend of population is reflected in every product we offer.
This program also offers us the opportunity to collaborate with aging, and intends to expand into the development of consumer healthcare products in 2024.
ClimatePartner, a leading organisation focused on global warming issues.
Through this partnership, we conduct a comprehensive assessment of the Company s carbon footprint and develop practical emission In 2023, our lineup of PPE included nitrile gloves and premium Type 4 Coverall-Yellow.
Nitrile gloves surpass reduction targets.
We may then implement a series of innovative and efficient strategies to reduce emissions, latex in durability, puncture resistance, and abrasion resistance.
Their hypoallergenic properties allow for aiming to make a positive contribution to environmental protection.
The Group plans to offset approximately extended wear without risk of latex allergies, making them ideal for medical exams and food processing.
On 871 metric tons of carbon emissions generated during the production process through carbon compensation the other hand, the premium Type 4 Coverall-Yellow features elastic cuffs, ankles, and hood, providing a snug measures in 2024.
Additionally, we plan to obtain Amazon s Climate Pledge Friendly certification in 2024 and fit for reliable protection against harmful particles.
Each coverall comes with a front zipper for easy wearing display the Climate Pledge Friendly badge on our product pages.
and removal.
Made from polypropylene spunbond fabric and polyethylene film, it offers excellent protection, durability, breathability, and comfort for workers.
27 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Quality Management Material Topic: Product Quality and Safety Product quality and safety are our commitment to customers and our responsibility to society.
Through rigorous quality management processes 2023 Targets Our Progress and compliant product labeling, we ensure the health and safety of our Finished product yield >97%   Finished product yield: 98.66% customers.
Additionally, excellent product quality helps to enhance customer Customer satisfaction with quality >80%   Average annual customer satisfaction with quality: 87.27% trust, maintain our brand image and reputation, and keep us competitive in Container inspection pass rate >96%   Container inspection pass rate: 100% the market.
Future Goals Medtecs Group adheres to the vision of  bettering the world s health for   Increase outsourced inspection pass rate to >99%.
everyone, everywhere  and is committed to establishing rigorous supplier   Double the testing capacity for key items in the in-house laboratory.
2024 Targets management and product manufacturing control processes.
We not only   Enhance efficiency in IQC raw material inspection by introducing relevant electronic systems.
consider product verification and certification as prerequisites for market   Optimise and adjust manpower, conduct professional external training for relevant personnel quarterly.
entry but also continuously strengthen product quality control through quality Mid-term goals: systems such as ISO 9001 and ISO 13485.
Implement electronic information systems for all key quality processes (IQC, IPQC, FQC), analyse big data to identify quality issues, and improve product quality and safety.
Upgrade factory facilities, introduce dust-free workshops to meet stricter quality requirements.
2030 Targets Long-term goals:   Become the top brand in the market for reliability in quality.
Achieve zero defect rate, zero customer complaints, and zero recall incidents through rigorous quality control and continuous improvement processes.
The core products of the Company are medical devices and PPE.
The quality Material Topic: Product Marketing and Information Labeling and labeling of these products are crucial for enabling customers to choose Our Progress the appropriate product according to the level of hazard in their environment, 2023 Targets and for them to use the products correctly for their health and safety.
Additionally, this significantly impacts the Company s reputation.
Existing products 100% compliant in marketing and information   All product information and labeling are 100% compliant.
labeling.
Medtecs actively practices corporate social responsibility and continuously strengthens product capabilities and marketing efforts.
All products must comply with local regulations, undergo rigorous product verification before Future Goals market launch, and obtain all relevant licenses to ensure the highest   Strengthen User Education and Awareness: Provide consumers with more education information about product usage, safety, and standards of quality and safety.
Product labeling is done according to the selection through online and offline channels to enhance customer s correct usage and trust in the products.
approved content of the product license.
Compliance with ISO 9001 and ISO 2024 Targets   Expand Market Share: Expand market share in specific markets in the future through market research and effective marketing 13485 quality systems ensures ongoing product quality assurance through strategies.
stringent monitoring and adherence to international standards.
Global Standard Compliance: Actively adapt to regulations in different regions and countries to ensure global standard compliance in product marketing and information labeling.
This includes adjusting product labels and promotional materials according to local For new product packaging, we will implement a rigorous review process regulations.
where all text and graphic content must be submitted to the Company s Legal 2030 Targets   Sustainability and Social Responsibility: Strengthen corporate social responsibility by implementing measures such as green Department for approval.
This ensures the authenticity and transparency of manufacturing and sustainable procurement to reduce environmental impact.
all relevant information, providing high-quality product information to the end   Actively participate in social welfare activities to enhance corporate image.
users.
28 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Medtecs adheres to the vision of "bettering the world s health for As for our subsidiary in Cambodia, the Company has further enhanced International Certification everyone, everywhere" by closely integrating its management policies its laboratory testing capacity.
In 2023, we introduced the fourth- with its vision of product safety and quality.
Emphasis is placed on generation hydrostatic pressure tester from Switzerland and doubled our Certification Certified factory Latest certification year preventive measures over corrective ones, to reduce potential quality testing efficiency.
This not only demonstrates the Company s Subsidiary in Cambodia 2021 issues through pre-risk analysis and the formulation of preventive commitment to ensuring product performance in compliance with ISO 9001 Quality (Valid until 2025) measures.
In terms of quality control, we strictly monitor the early stages standards but also guarantees product safety and quality.
Through a Management System Subsidiary in the Philippines 2023 Certification of the quality process, including incoming inspection and third-party high-standard sampling plan, the Company showcases a rigorous (Valid until 2026) testing, to implement quality measures before production.
The Company approach to quality control, further achieving the goal of bettering the Subsidiary in Cambodia 2021 ISO 13485 Quality adopts a zero-tolerance attitude towards quality defects, as only through world s health for everyone, everywhere.
(Valid until 2025) Management System the strictest control measures can we ensure the excellent quality of our Subsidiary in the Philippines 2023 Certification products and ultimately achieve the goal of bettering the world s health Hydrostatic pressure tester (Valid until 2026) for everyone, everywhere.
Quality System Subsidiary in Cambodia 2023 Documentation (Valid until 2027) In 2023, 100% of the products provided by both the Company and its (QSD) for Importing Subsidiary in the Philippines/ 2023 Medical Devices (Valid until 2025) primary suppliers underwent inspection by third-party entities.
There were no product recall incidents, nor any product-related health and CE Marking Subsidiary in Cambodia 2021 safety events (such as being listed in the FDA MedWatch database for human medical product safety alerts, being included in the FDA MAUDE WCA Human Rights database, or facing FDA penalties for violating eGMP regulations).
To Subsidiary in Cambodia 2023 Audit prevent potential impacts on customer health and safety from the Medtecs International Corporation products we provide, particularly concerning Per- and polyfluoroalkyl U.S. Food and Drug Limited (Taiwan), subsidiary in the 2023 substances (PFAS), lead, and phthalates, which pose health risks such Administration (FDA) Philippines, subsidiary in Cambodia as thyroid disorders, cancer (PFAS), carcinogenicity, reproductive harm, WRAP Certificate and fetal abnormalities (phthalates), we ensure that harmful substances Subsidiary in Cambodia 2023 Program in the final products are within regulatory limits.
Certification Certified product Latest certification year To uphold this principle, we adhere to the requirements of ISO CoverU Disposable Gown with Tape 9001:2015 and ISO 13485:2016, establishing a comprehensive product AAMI Level 4 Isolation Gown safety and quality management system.
All aspects of company 2022 CoverU Disposable Gown with Tape - operations, including risk control, incoming inspection, in-process Chemo Gown inspection, final product inspection, personnel education and training, resource allocation, and top management involvement, comply with ISO ASTM Level 1/EN14683 Type IIR 3-Ply 2022 standards.
Through relevant certifications and verifications, the FDA 510 (k) disposable Surgical Mask Premarket Company ensures that its quality management system is internationally Notification recognised, thereby fulfilling the commitment to safety and excellent Nitrile Powder Free Examination Gloves 2023 quality.
The subsidiary of the Group in the Philippines rigorously conducts SMS gowns 2011 inspections of its suppliers, with a particular focus on face mask testing, including pressure differentials and virus filtration effectiveness, to ensure the product s efficacy and safety.
This reflects Medtecs  longstanding priority of prioritising consumer safety in product use.
29 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Quality Management System Product Design and Development: During this stage, we conduct design planning, research, product Medtecs  Quality Management System complies with the requirements development, and validation.
Through third-party testing and of ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 13485:2016, and it adheres to the PDCA performance verification, we ensure that the products meet user (Plan-Do-Check-Act) principle to ensure quality assurance.
In addition requirements while identifying potential quality risks to ensure the to emphasizing quality, we also prioritise meeting various safety effectiveness and compliance of the design.
requirements.
Therefore,  Safe and Effective  is one of our quality management strategies and a crucial aspect that the Group highly Raw Material Procurement: values in product quality and safety.
We require suppliers to provide third-party test reports for relevant performance verification and conduct random sampling inspections of Incoming Quality Management raw materials based on an AQL sampling plan.
Incoming inspections play a significant role in supplier evaluations, and abnormal suppliers Category Quality Inspection Mechanism are guided and subjected to increased inspection rates.
Non-woven AATCC 127 (Water Resistance: Hydrostatic Pressure Test) and fabric AATCC 42 (Water Resistance: Impact Penetration Test) are Pre-Production Preparation: conducted on 10% of sampled products, along with measuring We conduct pilot runs and hold pre-production meetings to identify and gram per yard (g/y).
address issues, implement improvements and preventive measures, and confirm product specifications and material accuracy.
This stage Woven and Inspections are conducted on 10% of sampled products ensures quality activities before production.
knitted fabric according to the four-point system (ASTM D5430), along with measuring gram per yard (g/y).
Production: Trimmings Countable trimmings (such as buttons, labels, packaging During the production process, we implement first-article inspection, in- materials) are inspected using an AQL 1.5 Level II sampling plan.
process inspection, and final product inspection to ensure a rigorous The inspection of trimmings is conducted based on their category and characteristics, employing both AQL 1.5 Level II inspection quality control process.
The first-article inspection confirms the correct plan and 10% sampling plan.
This serves as the Incoming Quality setup and operation of production equipment, ensuring product   Supplier Evaluation: We conduct comprehensive assessments of Control (IQC) mechanism for trimmings, ensuring performance, workmanship, material composition, and specifications suppliers, including raw material providers, to ensure that products comprehensive quality control.
are consistent with the requirements.
In-process inspection ensures are always manufactured with high-quality materials.
Key materials For key materials, we require suppliers to provide third-party test each process meets set quality standards, while final product inspection reports to meet our quality standards.
involves 100% visual inspection and functional testing to ensure every   Audit Data Analysis: Regular audits of internal processes are finished product meets the highest standards.
conducted, and audit data is analysed to ensure that processes comply with standards and regulations.
Statistical Analysis: Quality Management Process In addition to strict quality control during production, we use statistical   Customer Satisfaction (CSAT) Data Analysis: We conduct regular During the production process, Medtecs rigorously implements data analysis to assess product quality and operational processes.
This surveys on customer satisfaction and analyse this data to improve comprehensive quality management to ensure that all Medtecs products includes evaluating product characteristics and process trends while service quality, ensuring that we meet customer expectations.
adhere to the strictest standards at every stage.
This includes product focusing on opportunities and audit items, providing comprehensive design and development, raw material procurement, production, first- insights for addressing improvement issues.
article inspection, in-process inspection, and final product inspection.
Each step undergoes meticulous quality control to ensure product effectiveness and compliance.
Medtecs  quality management process is as follows: 30 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Quality Management Education and Training Through departmental collaboration, the Marketing Department follows Product Labeling Status the requirements of the Brand Business Department when designing Medtecs follows the requirements of ISO 13485:2016 and conducted product packaging.
Essential information is placed on the packaging as Product Application Mandatory/Voluntary Region Scope of label education and training sessions monthly, with qualifications assessed by requested, and before the product is launched, the labeling undergoes name standard labeling supervisors.
Internal auditors are required to hold internal audit confirmation by the Legal Department or external consultants to ensure Surgical face Surgical face Surgical face Mandatory certificates, while personnel operating heat-sealing machines must pass compliance with relevant regulations governing marketing mask mask mask internal professional qualification assessments.
Therefore, we regularly communications.
Medical face Medical face Medical face mask Mandatory conduct qualification assessments for personnel to ensure they possess mask mask necessary professional knowledge and skills, ensuring smooth Medical Medical In 2023, Medtecs received a notification from the Department of Health, Medical protective execution of quality control activities.
Additionally, we conduct protective protective Mandatory Taipei City Government, concerning a potential violation in our marketing clothing systematic training and assessments to maintain a high standard of clothing clothing strategy for the new acne patch product.
The concern cited non- Taiwan quality among inspection personnel and drive continuous improvement Medical compliance with Article 41, Paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Medical Device Medical Medical isolation of the quality management system.
isolation Mandatory Management Act.
In response, Medtecs submitted a detailed statement isolation gown gown gown of opinion for review.
Subsequent evaluations confirmed that the In 2023, the subsidiary in Cambodia arranged for a total of 7 factory advertisement did infringe upon the stipulated regulations of the Act.
Acne patch Acne patch Acne patch Mandatory quality team members to undergo professional training at Intertek s Fortunately, no penalties were applied.
To avoid similar occurrences in Food-grade Food-grade laboratory.
They successfully completed the training and obtained the future, Medtecs has instituted stricter compliance measures.
We Food-grade gloves Mandatory gloves gloves certificates of completion.
now mandate that any product requiring licensure for promotional Camouflage Camouflage Camouflage activities must secure the necessary advertising approvals prior to clothing clothing clothing Philippines Mandatory Product Labeling and Sales Responsibility launching any marketing campaigns.
Military Surgical face Surgical face uniform mask mask We fully understand the importance of correct and compliant product labeling and continue to refine product control processes and develop error-free specifications to create products that meet domestic and international regulatory and quality standards.
We have established a clear process and specification for product labeling.
When a new product or packaging needs to be modified, we follow a set of products labeling guidelines and evaluate the new design for regulatory or legal risks before mass production can proceed.
The Group discloses necessary information for each product and service according to the regulations in the region where the product and service is launched.
This information includes details such as the country of origin, sources of product components or ingredients, service providers for the product s services, product ingredients (especially substances that may have environmental or social impacts), product dimensions, certification standards and certification numbers, environmentally friendly labels, usage instructions, shelf life, disposal instructions, and more.
This ensures that consumers have a clear understanding of the relevant product information.
Additionally, a consumer service hotline is provided for inquiries and assistance.
The labeling and instructions for all products and services provided to consumers are required to comply with relevant regulations.
In 2023, Medtecs maintained full compliance and did not violate any regulations related to product or service information and labeling in any country.
31 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Sustainable Supply Chain The Supply Chain Management Department consists of members Material Topic: Sustainable Supply Chain from procurement, shipping, quality control, and production 2023 Targets Our Progress management, each playing a crucial role.
They work together to ensure the smooth operation of the entire supply chain, achieving Partly achieved: sustainable, efficient, and cost-effective supply chain processes to Supplier evaluation percentage surpasses 60% and non-   In 2023, many brand-designated suppliers were added, resulting in an increase in the evaluation percentage from 60% to 63%.
The meet the needs of the brand and consumers.
conformance rate is below 5%.
non-conformance rate was 9%.
Environmental Policy: we seek environmentally friendly materials for Future Targets primary materials and trimmings for garment products; for disposable products, we look for materials that can be decomposed.
Supplier evaluation percentage reaches 65%.
2024 Targets   Maintain a non-conformance rate in supplier evaluation below 8%.
Mid-term goal: Achieve a supplier evaluation percentage of 75% or higher and a non-conformance rate below 5%.
2030 Targets   Long-term goal: Achieve a supplier evaluation percentage of 100% and a non-conformance rate below 1%.
32 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Key Material Risk Management 1.
Increase the percentage of qualified supplier procurement.
capabilities and performance of our suppliers.
In 2023, we used the 2.
Establish a list of backup suppliers to ensure timely raw material above-mentioned environmental standards to screen 100% of new To support ongoing growth and generate shareholder value at Medtecs, allocation and maintain uninterrupted production.
suppliers, including 2 fabric suppliers and 1 zipper supplier.
we recognise the crucial role of supplier management.
Looking back at 3.
Set safety stock levels at factories.
the past few years, severe disruptions in the supply of raw materials have 4.
Actively communicate with customers to forecast demand during Regarding potential social impacts from suppliers, we plan to incorporate occurred globally due to climate change and unexpected pandemics.
In peak and off-peak seasons, allowing factories to adjust stock levels social issues such as human rights management into our selection response to potential disruptions that may affect our supply chain and appropriately.
criteria when choosing new suppliers in the future.
access to key raw materials, we have collaborated with government 5.
Seek local procurement to reduce transportation risks across agencies, international procurement organisations, and brand owners to different regions.
Supplier Selection and evaluation process establish a reliable and flexible network comprising raw material 6.
Seek suppliers who can process finished products on behalf of suppliers, distributors, and manufacturers.
others to avoid raw material shortages or factory shutdowns.
In 2023, Medtecs proactively managed potential risks in our raw material Supplier Selection and Management supply chain by capitalizing on the benefits of vertical integration and Develop new suppliers enhancing our supplier network.
We conducted comprehensive audits of The Group has established the Supplier Management Procedure to our supply chain, including key customers, product categories, and select suppliers based on the principles of fairness, impartiality, and market concentrations.
Our evaluations also extended to product transparency.
Suppliers are comprehensively evaluated based on quality, characteristics and inventory costs, ensuring optimal safety stock levels price, delivery lead times, sustainability indicators, and financial status to Online or offline factory visits are maintained.
identify and choose excellent suppliers that meet Medtecs  requirements To further secure our supply chain, we identified and integrated for quality, cost, and delivery.
We also continuously improve the outstanding backup suppliers for various raw materials, which effectively procurement process to increase operational efficiency.
safeguarded against any disruptions.
As a result of these strategic initiatives, Medtecs did not face any shortages in key raw materials This year, in response to customer requirements, we requested suppliers Supplier provides samples and test reports throughout the year.
to sign the Non-Use of Hazardous Substances Guarantee and Resilient Supply Chain Environmental Statement, and we required fabric suppliers to provide a Global Recycled Standard (GRS) certificate.
Additionally, in 2023, the Company collaborated with suppliers to develop biodegradable plastic Pass customer approval reduction materials.
However, because the products are used in PPE and must comply with various national regulations, they are still in the development stage and have not yet entered mass production.
Establish supplier information and relevant To ensure the quality of products and services from our suppliers, the documents for signing Group evaluates suppliers based on the selection principles mentioned above before engaging in business with them.
During the business relationship, regular or ad-hoc audits are conducted to monitor changes in supplier quality.
Both new and existing suppliers are required to sign Annual supplier performance evaluation Medtecs is committed to building a resilient supply chain.
We integrate documents related to environmental, safety, and health concerns.
These production, procurement, investment, and R&D with manufacturing and documents include the Non-Use of Hazardous Substances Guarantee, operating sites in Taiwan, the Philippines, Cambodia, and China.
We Environmental Statement, Supplier CSR & Integrity Pledge, and have established reliable partnerships with raw material suppliers, Nondisclosure Agreement.
Among them, the signing rate for the Supplier Adopt response management measures based contract manufacturers, traders, and collaborated with government CSR & Integrity Pledge was approximately 95%.
Additionally, depending on evaluation results agencies, international procurement organisations, and brand owners.
on the production category of suppliers, we require both new and existing Through the establishment of a resilient supply chain, we work together suppliers to provide relevant certificates such as BCI (Better Cotton with our partners to minimise the risk of key raw material supply chain Initiative) membership, OEKO-TEX certification for environmental disruptions.
The related measures are as follows: textiles, and self-inspection reports from fabric suppliers.
These measures help us comprehensively assess the environmental 33 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Supplier Evaluation Currently, the Group has not conducted assessments on suppliers Evaluation Criteria Explanation regarding environmental and social criteria such as energy, emissions, The supplier evaluation form is created and maintained by the Supply human rights issues.
We also have not yet evaluated and managed Evaluation criteria Evaluation criteria explanation Percentage Chain Management Department.
It generally covers aspects such as the potential negative environmental impacts within the value chain.
supplier s business status, product quality, delivery schedule, pricing Cooperation Service rating 10% Although these issues have not been formally assessed, the Group Delivery quantity/Delivery 1- (Delayed batches / Total incoming conditions, and responsiveness.
Suppliers who consistently focus on regularly monitors whether its collaborating suppliers have any incidents 20% achievement rate batches   100%) environmental and labor protection, social welfare, and corporate or illegal behavior related to environmental, human rights, and other Whether there are unreasonable governance issues, and have relevant certifications, may receive issues.
Price price increases; RFT (Right First additional consideration.
At the end of each year, the head of Supply competitiveness/Development Time) for samples submitted; 15% Chain Management Department reviews the contents of the supplier Medtecs establishes clear supplier grading based on assessment results, capability provide a new product catalog every evaluation form with relevant personnel and presents the Qualified with the following categories: Grade A (90 100 points); Grade B (80 89 6 months Supplier List for review and implementation of corresponding measures.
points); Grade C (70 79 points); Grade D (below 70 points).
For Have relevant environmental Supplier environmental For suppliers who do not meet the criteria, unscheduled factory and suppliers rated as Grade D for two consecutive periods, indicating non- certifications, use traceable organic 5% requirements product inspections are conducted, with increased sampling for large materials, etc.
compliance, their order quantities will be reduced, and they will undergo items.
If the supplier fails to show improvement, the business relationship Calculate the number of abnormal a reevaluation in the procurement process.
will be terminated.
In 2023, the ESG performance of new suppliers was complaints occurring every 6 included as one of the evaluation criteria.
This included whether the months; deduct 3 points per incident, Proactiveness in handling with a maximum score of 15 points; 25% supplier had relevant environmental certifications and whether they used Grade Score Result Management measures complaints and abnormalities evaluate the supplier s response traceable organic materials, encouraging suppliers to take concrete speed when complaints or actions to reduce carbon emissions.
A 1.
Strategic partner: increase abnormalities occur order quantity accordingly Quality For our key suppliers (excluding outsourced processing suppliers), we 90-100 2.
Give priority to the production (Nonconforming quantity / Sample supplier conduct semi-annual assessments based on their delivery performance, of samples developed by the size   100%), with a maximum score Incoming inspection whereas the remaining trimmings suppliers undergo annual inspections.
Company of 15 points yield/Incoming inspection 25% The Supply Chain Management Department assesses their performance (Production batches / Issued acceptance rate batches   100%); with a maximum based on delivery time, cooperation, and delivery achievement rate.
B score of 10 points Meanwhile, the Quality Assurance Department at each production site evaluates supplier delivery quality, including incoming inspection yield, General 80-89 Normal trading Supplier evaluation results in the past three years incoming inspection acceptance rate, cooperation, and customer supplier complaint cases.
The assessment results are documented in the Year 2021 2022 2023 Periodic Supplier Assessment Form.
Total number of 200 193 157 suppliers The assessment criteria include six aspects: C Supplier Number of suppliers Place on observation list and 60 99 99 70-79 needing evaluated 1.
Cooperation require guidance and auditing guidance Percentage of 2.
Delivery quantity/Delivery achievement rate 30% 51% 63% suppliers evaluated 3.
Price competitiveness/Development capability 4.
Supplier environmental requirements 5.
Proactiveness in handling complaints and abnormalities D Grade D rating for two consecutive 6.
Incoming inspection yield/Incoming inspection acceptance rate Non- periods will result in reduced order Below 70 conforming quantities and reassessment for supplier suitability 34 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment In 2023, Medtecs evaluated 99 suppliers and achieved a 91% approval inspected in accordance with the AQL standard.
In addition, we send key responsibility and human rights standards.
It also reflects our active rate in these assessments.
Despite this success, there was an issue materials to third parties for further testing to ensure product quality.
efforts in safeguarding employee rights and enhancing workplace health with one supplier whose fabric had white horizontal streaks, deviating and safety.
We firmly believe that implementing the WCA audit from our customer s specifications.
After confirming the discrepancy contributes to more effective internal controls, boosts employee morale, Local Procurement through a quality inspection, we required the supplier to adjust their and creates a more productive work team.
This underscores our processes and submit improvement measures.
The supplier agreed to Medtecs prioritises working with well-established and well-qualified commitment to sustainable operations and continuous improvement in include this specific defect in their pre-production checklist to ensure suppliers in order to enhance our transaction security and to increase ESG-related matters.
future shipments meet our quality standards.
the proportion of purchases from local companies in the countries where our factories are located.
The Philippines and Cambodia are important SMETA For important raw material suppliers whose management standards and locations for the Group s operations as their output accounts for a To comply with international management system requirements, gain resources are inadequate or who have poor annual evaluations, the significant proportion of the Group s revenue.
However, due to the lack international recognition, enhance competitiveness with renowned Company may assign the Supply Chain Department to provide guidance of an effective and mature supply chain in these two countries, they are brands, and improve employee relations, ultimately boosting productivity as needed.
This is aimed at enhancing the supplier s quality often unable to locally source the primary materials and trimmings and profit growth, Medtecs joined the Suppliers Ethical Data Exchange management system to ensure more stable products in the future.
For required for their production and therefore rely on imports.
(SEDEX) as a member in 2023.
We look forward to leveraging our instance, if there are quality issues such as tolerances exceeding SEDEX membership to actively engage in international supply chain acceptable standards or failure to meet delivery deadlines leading to To support local industries, minimise transportation costs, and reduce collaboration, promote continuous improvement, and achieve a higher shortages, we require suppliers to detail their follow-up quality environmental impact, we actively promote local procurement of items level of corporate social responsibility.
improvement actions in the procurement contract.
Additionally, the such as cartons, labels, and plastic bags from local sources.
This Company will assign professional quality assurance personnel to initiative is based on a thorough cost benefit assessment to ensure its In 2023, Medtecs successfully passed the SEDEX verification; conduct factory inspections, audits, and tracking to ensure quality feasibility and effectiveness.
specifically, the SMETA (4 Pillar) audit, without any major flaws identified.
standards are met.
The SMETA audit covers labor rights and conditions, health and safety, Local purchases as a percentage of total purchases with Medtecs adding environmental protection and anti-bribery Year 2021 2022 2023 Region 2021 2022 2023 measures under the 4 Pillar framework, which is more comprehensive Grade A 40% 43% 35% Taiwan 37% 35% 23% than the conventional 2 Pillar approach.
This further demonstrates our China 52% 55% 34% Grade B 53% 51% 61% commitment to sustainable practices and upholding high ethical Cambodia 6% 8% 6% Grade C 7% 6% 4% standards in business operations.
Philippines 2% 2% 4% Grade D 0% 0% 0% Europe 0% 0% 33% Pass rate in supplier Note: Percentage of purchases from local suppliers = (Purchases from local suppliers   Better Factories Cambodia ( BFC ) 93% 94% 96% evaluation Total purchases) x 100% BFC was launched in 2001 as the foundational program of the Better Work initiative, jointly promoted by the International Labour Organisation Type of Purchases External Audit and Affirmation ( ILO ) and the International Finance Corporation (IFC), a member of the World Bank Group.
BFC is dedicated to workplace gender equality The Group s annual purchases from suppliers can be divided into two Workplace Conditions Assessment (WCA) audit and empowerment, aiming to improve the lives of workers, their families, categories: primary materials (woven and non-woven fabrics) and The Workplace Conditions Assessment (WCA) audit is an international and communities while enhancing the competitiveness of Cambodia s trimmings (sealing strip, zippers, elastic bands, and instructions, etc.
).
standard provided by Intertek for evaluating workplace conditions.
Its textile and garment industry.
The primary materials account for approximately 61% of the total purpose is to ensure that suppliers  labor conditions meet international purchases and the trimmings account for 39% of the total purchases.
All human rights standards.
The content of the WCA audit includes good Medtecs has been a member of BFC since 2001 and is proud to be part raw materials are mainly transported by sea.
Of these, 34% are currently labor conditions, reasonable wages and working hours, employee health of this initiative.
For the past two years (2021, 2022), our performance sourced from China, which is lower than in previous years as the and safety care, management systems, and a good working in random monitoring audits has been outstanding, with no major flaws Company had decided to purchase from other qualified manufacturers environment.
identified.
For detailed information, please refer to the Better Factories in Southeast Asia to shorten the delivery time in the supply chain.
We Medtecs successfully passed the WCA audit in 2023 with outstanding Transparency Database.
have a quality control process for incoming goods, and fabrics in results, scoring an average of 95 points.
This achievement particular are inspected in accordance with the international 4-point demonstrates our rigorous commitment to international social system, with 10% of the fabrics tested at random.
Trimmings are 35 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Customer Relations product, providing the order number and relevant photos or achieve customer management goals in a more data-driven and Customer Privacy Protection descriptions of the defect.
We will review and respond to the automated manner.
This included the following four management actions: Medtecs follows the U.S. California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and customer to confirm the return request.
the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as   Exchange policy: 1.
ERP Optimisation: Upgrading and implementing ERP systems to guiding principles.
We have developed a Global Privacy Policy for the If you wish to exchange a product, provide the order number and facilitate the integration of daily operations and business activities Group based on these regulations.
This policy details our approach and information about the item you want to exchange when contacting within the Company.
methods for collecting personal information to ensure that consumers customer service.
Once the exchange request is confirmed, we will 2.
Sales Management System: Using data-driven sales analytics can exercise their rights related to data protection.
arrange the exchange process and delivery the new item as soon as software such as Tableau to assist the Sales Department in possible.
making more effective and precise judgments.
Refund: 3.
Leverage Customer Relationship Management Tools: Through Customer Engagement Through Diverse For refund requests, the refund will be processed within 5 business customer relationship management tools, such as SalesForce, Communication Channels days after receiving the returned item.
we can effectively track customer needs, behaviors, and Medtecs prioritizes a "customer first" philosophy, catering to both interactions, and tailor more personalized solutions based on the data.
distributors and consumers across domestic and international markets.
Customer Relations Management To effectively address customer inquiries and feedback, we've developed multiple communication channels such as exhibitions, Company s official Regardless of the sales channels, whether B2B or B2C, technology In addition to data-driven customer management efforts, in 2023, website, and e-commerce platforms.
Among these, exhibitions have the management remains a pivotal focus for Medtecs.
We are committed to Medtecs adjusted its business strategy, leading to different customer highest feedback frequency.
In 2023, we received over 250 customer embracing digitisation in all aspects of our operations.
In 2023, we management approaches for B2B clients.
We delegated the feedbacks.
Customers can reach us via the online customer service advanced the use of AI tools significantly, promoting their use among management of small and medium-sized clients to distributors, while the feature on the Medtecs official website, through our social media employees for tasks such as ad copywriting, which reduced document Company focused on managing large-scale retailers and expanding our platforms, brand e-commerce sites, and a dedicated service hotline for work time by 60%.
Additionally, AI tools were employed to efficiently and distributor network.
We adopt a tiered pricing approach when quoting urgent issues.
For our B2B customers, we engage in both physical and accurately sort and categorize customer messages on our website, with prices to distributors.
Based on customer characteristics and subsequent remote exhibitions to thoroughly understand their needs, offering both automatic notifications sent to the relevant departments.
This process transaction status, the sales team determines the pricing method.
This standard and customized services for added convenience.
In 2023, not only enhanced our operational efficiency but also ensured swift strategic realignment aimed to allocate company resources more Medtecs participated in five overseas medical exhibitions, conducting responses to customer inquiries.
By integrating automated technology efficiently and generate increased sales momentum.
face-to-face discussions to plan order arrangements for 2024.
This with personalized service, we achieved a 95% response rate to proactive engagement resulted in increased quoting opportunities and messages on our official website, exemplifying our dedication to In our approach to brand social media management, Medtecs employs improved customer satisfaction.
responsive and efficient customer service.
dynamic strategies to strengthen community ties and enhance brand visibility.
We regularly organise giveaways to boost community In addition, we leverage the advantages of the e-commerce platform to engagement and use short reels to effectively demonstrate product Customer Engagement in 2023 streamline information and search for high-quality raw material suppliers features, usage methods, and share pertinent medical knowledge, which Additionally, we have established specific conditions and procedures for in a one-stop manner.
Through our own e-commerce platform operations helps deepen connections with our fans.
Additionally, we leverage handling customer returns, exchanges, and refund requests to ensure and data analysis, we effectively explore new customer sources and ephemeral content such as stories to provide real-time interactive prompt and fair resolution meeting each customer s needs.
diversify our supply channels to maintain production flexibility.
We have experiences.
These include offering exclusive discount codes and initiated automated system processes to reduce waiting time for hosting Q&A sessions, tactics that have significantly increased fan customers to receive their goods.
In 2023, the Company used the participation.
These efforts have cultivated a vibrant social community,   Return conditions: backend data from Amazon to study and develop high-end PPE, Type 4 contributing to heightened brand awareness and customer loyalty.
Products must be in their original condition, including all accessories, Coverall-Yellow.
We also used in-site advertising data to predict trends Notably, the impact of using short reels and ephemeral stories has tags, and packaging.
We only accept returns due to quality issues or in pandemic-related products such as face masks and protective clothing, proven substantial, achieving four times the average reach and manufacturing defects.
achieving real-time restocking effectiveness to meet consumer demands.
engagement compared to other content forms.
Return process: In 2023, we continued our information reform and integration efforts to Contact our Customer Service Department after receiving a defective 36 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Medtecs is dedicated to maintaining strong customer relationships, Customer Satisfaction Customer Complaint Handling achieving a 100% closure rate for B2B customer complaints over the We conduct satisfaction surveys with our distributors and consumers For customer complaints from various channels, we have a past three years.
During this period, we have not encountered any from time to time.
In 2023, the satisfaction score for B2B customers was comprehensive handling process and return/exchange mechanism in serious customer complaints.
However, there was a specific request 80 points.
Feedback from distributors has been largely positive, place.
Taking Amazon as an example, customers who purchase Medtecs from a customer to keep our role as their brand manufacturer confidential.
indicating that Medtecs products are highly competitive and have a high products can leave messages by using the platform s Message feature In response, we promptly informed relevant employees to ensure full repurchase rate.
Negative feedback often relates to pricing and quality.
or express their experiences through buyer ratings and reviews on the compliance with this request.
We have upheld a strict policy regarding In response to customer feedback, we have established an IE team, front end.
Feedback obtained through messages is responded to within customer privacy and data use, with no incidents of violations or increased automation levels, and provided quality concept education and 24 hours, and customers who leave negative reviews are contacted improper handling of customer information reported.
This commitment training for employees.
These practical actions aim to continuously through the platform system to confirm any issues or defects.
After underscores our dedication to customer trust and the integrity of our improve and optimise products and services, meeting customer internal review and analysis, we decide on sales concessions or business practices.
expectations.
returns/exchanges based on customer needs.
As we have stopped using Global Sources, in 2023, our calculation of complaint rates and case Handling of B2B customer complaints over the past 3 years closure rates was based solely on data from Amazon.
With our complete complaint handling mechanism, our B2C complaint rate in 2023 was Channels: exhibitions, official website, Alibaba 0.00025%, with a case closure rate of 90%.
2021 2022 2023 Customer feedback (not divided into channels) Customer complaint rate 0.04% 0.01% 0.01% Customer case closure rate 100% 100% 100% The customer will be asked to leave his or her name and telephone number for follow up action Handling of B2B customer complaints over the past 3 years Our customer service team assists customers in facilitating Channels: Medtecs official website, Medtecs official shopping site returns, exchanges, or providing appropriate compensation messages, Shopee Chat, customer service hotline of the Company based on their preferences and requirements 2021 2022 2023 Customer complaint rate 0.004% 0.0036% 0.003% Customer service staff contact the warehouse to send logistics staff for return and exchange Customer case closure rate 100% 100% 100% The goods are received by the logistics staff and sent back to the Handling of B2C customer complaints over the past 3 years warehouse.
Items with serious customer complaints will be sent to the Taipei office 2021 2022 2023 Customer complaint rate 0.001% 0.0004% 0.00025% Confirm receipt of goods in the warehouse Customer case closure rate 79.3% 81.6% 90% Refund the amount of returned goods to the customer 37 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Climate Change Strategy and Management Medtecs takes full responsibility for responding to crises caused by Material Topic: GHG Emissions extreme weather conditions.
Through GHG inventory, we strive to 2023 Targets Our Progress save energy usage and associated costs, aiming to reduce GHG emissions.
Reduce GHG emissions by 5% within 5 years   Partially achieved.
(base year: 2022) in Taiwan Medtecs is dedicated to enhancing energy efficiency and actively explores new technologies to replace production processes that generate greenhouse gases (GHGs).
We are steadily increasing our use of renewable energy and prioritize low-pollution, energy-saving Reduce electricity usage by 5% in Cambodia   Achieved.
options when upgrading equipment.
Furthermore, we engage in ongoing promotion and training programs for our employees to heighten their awareness and involvement in reducing GHG emissions.
This commitment reflects our dedication to sustainable Reduce waste by 60% in Cambodia   Achieved.
practices and our responsibility towards environmental stewardship.
Future Targets Taiwan   Cultivate talent for carbon inventory in laundry factories and collaborate with external organisations to conduct GHG inventories and verification.
Reduce overall unit electricity consumption by 10% (Miaoli Xiangshan Factory and Yilan Longde Factory).
2024 Targets   Reduce unit steam consumption by 10% (Yilan Longde Factory).
Cambodia   Reduce energy consumption.
Reduce GHG emissions.
Taiwan   Establish a GHG inventory list for laundry factories in accordance with ISO 14064-1.
Implement and enhance energy cascade use to reduce unit carbon emissions.
Cambodia 2030 Targets   Control lighting switch times to reduce electricity usage by 5% and decrease related GHG emissions.
Philippines   Replace two forklifts with electric forklifts.
Upgrade coal-fired boilers and purchase new boilers with energy-saving and low-emission features.
39 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Medtecs Group places great importance on the environmental impact of its operations.
Each subsidiary in relevant risks and opportunities related to climate change, with reference to the TCFD various locations has its own environmental management policy and promotes various sustainability framework.
They then formulate response strategies and risk management plans, which are initiatives: reviewed by the Board and the Audit Committee.
Based on Medtecs  climate change risk and opportunity assessment methodology, short-term is defined as within 1 3 years, medium-term as within 3 10 years, and long-term as over 10 Region Environmental management policy Implementation results in 2023 years.
Adopting feasible methods to achieve water savings.
This includes Medtecs is committed to addressing climate change and assessing the short, medium, and Climate Change Strategy and replacing outdated equipment and adjusting operational practices to The Xiangshan Factory gradually adjusted the operational Strategy long-term impacts on the environment and business operations.
Management enhance water efficiency.
balance between old and new tunnel-type washing We conduct risk analysis using scenarios such as the physical risk RCP 8.5 scenario, the Efficient use of fuel/electricity: Continuously record daily usage machines, achieving a power-saving effect of up to 30%.
NDC scenario, and scenarios from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) conditions, immediately detect abnormalities, discuss issues, and Steam boilers underwent inspections by two third-party Sixth Assessment Report (SSP1-2.6, SSP5).
devise improvement plans to maintain efficient energy use.
organisations, with efficiency values exceeding 97%.
Medtecs uses the TCFD framework to systematically analyze policies, regulations, Taiwan Unit time capacity enhancement: Review operation mode and The monitoring sensors in the wastewater treatment pool technology, market trends, corporate reputation, and both acute and chronic climate risks.
By equipment usage to increase equipment sharing and reduce have been updated to ensure precise processing and to convening identification meetings led by project team leaders, discussions assess the impact Climate Change Strategy and equipment downtime while maintaining production capacity, thereby track sludge levels in the pool to ensure sufficient retention of risks and opportunities on the company.
The team prioritises by multiplying the "likelihood Management achieving overall energy savings.
time for thorough treatment before discharge.
of occurrence" by the "impact level," identifying five major climate risks and three significant Waste management: Regularly engage third parties to inspect Air and water pollution tests in 2023 have both met opportunities for the company exhaust gas and wastewater to ensure compliance with waste emission standards.
Risk Medtecs is actively evaluating the implementation of a mechanism for identifying climate- disposal standards.
management related risks and opportunities, aiming to integrate this into the company's overall risk Included environmental regulations in the guest room management strategy.
Each department is tasked with incorporating responses and Continuously conserve resources used in operations to reduce the manual.
Risk Management improvement measures for climate change risks into their annual goals.
These measures are Company s environmental impact, and fulfill Medtecs social Set up four separate recycling bins for glass, paper, plastic, Climate Change Strategy and prioritised as key work objectives and are included in the annual performance evaluations of Cambodia responsibility in environmental protection through practical work.
The and cans.
Management relevant personnel.
Additionally, the Audit Committee offers recommendations to enhance the factory site is expected to pass external verification for ISO 14001 Avoided using materials that have a negative Group's risk response management and internal control mechanisms, assessing their Environmental Management System in 2024.
environmental impact and used locally manufactured appropriateness and effectiveness.
recycled materials whenever possible.
Mitigation measures for transition risks include: The Company strictly adheres to relevant environmental protection Introducing new tunnel-type washing machines in Taiwan and adopting highly energy-efficient laws and regulations.
LNG (liquefied natural gas) boilers for power generation to improve energy consumption; Pollution prevention and control: The Environmental Department replacing water-saving faucets to enhance water conservation benefits; planning to install conducts annual emissions testing for the factory s boilers.
During 500 kW solar power generation equipment in Cambodia to increase the percentage of routine coal procurement, suppliers are required to provide coal For more details, please refer to the corresponding sections Philippines renewable energy usage; phasing out traditional transportation equipment and using eco- Energy Management testing reports to ensure that sulfur and other harmful substances in this chapter.
friendly diesel vehicles or electric cars.
Water Management meet standards.
Short-term metrics and targets for risks and opportunities are as follows: Climate Change Strategy and Daily environmental management: Medtecs employs a certified Based on Taiwan's NDC, achieve a 25% reduction in emissions by 2030 compared to the Management Pollution Control Officer to oversee daily environmental Metrics and base year, with an annual reduction of 1% from 2006 2030.
management, inspections, and training.
targets Achieve an annual water savings rate of 1% at the Xiangshan Factory starting from 2023.
Reach a renewable energy usage percentage of 1% by 2025.
TCFD Framework Transition to eco-friendly vehicles (Euro 6 diesel cars), aiming for a short-term target of 40% and a medium-term target of 100%.
To understand the risks and opportunities that climate change brings to businesses, Medtecs follows the Adaptation to physical risks: TCFD framework to provide management actions and explanations accordingly based on the four focuses of To cope with extreme weather conditions, each factory will strengthen its alarm system, TCFD: governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets.
implement emergency response plans, and regularly inspect the location of buildings and Occupational Safety and Health Corresponding sections in equipment.
In low-lying areas, structures will be elevated to reduce the risk of equipment Category Management actions the Report damage or shutdowns caused by flooding.
Medtecs  climate governance is overseen by the Board, while climate risk management and strategy formulation are supervised by the Audit Committee, which consists of three Corporate Governance independent directors.
Governance Climate Change Strategy and The Sustainability Reporting Council coordinates the establishment of cross-departmental Management project teams.
Following the guidance of the Audit Committee, the council regularly convenes senior executives from various departments for cross-departmental meetings.
They identify 40 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Climate Risks and Opportunities Management Strategy Identification of Climate Risks and Opportunities After identifying climate risks and opportunities, we evaluated the risk index based on criteria such as likelihood of occurrence and financial impact Process of identifying and assessing climate-related risks and level.
Once the risk and opportunity levels were confirmed, we discussed corresponding response strategies for each issue and set short-term, opportunities medium-term, and long-term goals.
Medtecs conducted a comprehensive assessment of global sustainability trends and the Group s operational Medtecs Group referred to climate-related financial disclosure development objectives.
We analysed key issues in governance, economics, environment, and society, and formulated response measures as reports and was guided by external experts in understanding the Background data outlined in the table below: collection implications of climate risks and opportunities for various entities and low-carbon transformation.
Relevant data was collected and Top five climate related risks and response measures scenarios were set for identification Risk Category Climate risk Risk descriptions Response measures Risk status Scope of Risk The Group focused on risks related to Medtecs' headquarters, aspect and Operational various factories in Taiwan, subsidiary in Cambodia, and subsidiary The Group primarily produces protective clothing, face masks, Actively address international GHG regulations, calculate Time frame: Medium Assessment in the Philippines for consideration and evaluation.
and other medical products, actively promoting GHG emissions according to the reporting formats and cycles of term Increased reduction to comply with national policies.
Various countries each country, and report to the government after verification Likelihood: Extremely pricing of are also implementing carbon taxes or fees, with significantly by third-party verification agencies.
high The Group assessed financial impacts (revenue contribution), Policy GHG increased carbon tax levels in phases.
This will significantly Promote the adoption of ISO 14001 Environmental Financial impact: Risk and likelihood of occurrence for each risk and opportunity, scored them emissions increase production costs for high-carbon industries or small Management System, ISO 14064-1 GHG Inventory Moderate Operational accordingly, discussed them with senior executives and external Impact Analysis and medium-sized enterprises with high electricity (already implemented), and ISO 50001 Energy consultants, and finally identified 1 physical risk, 4 transition risks, consumption, reducing their competitiveness.
Management System.
and 3 low-carbon transition opportunities In April 2022, the Taiwan government renamed the  GHG To meet the GHG reduction and 2050 net-zero emissions Time frame: Medium Reduction and Management Act  draft amendment to the goals, as per Taiwan s NDC targets (base year: 2005), a term Net-zero  Climate Change Response Act  and formulated a policy for 20% reduction by 2030 and a 55% reduction by 2050 are Likelihood: Extremely After identifying risks and opportunities, the Group discussed Policy emissions by net-zero emissions by 2050.
The government may also required.
The Company plans to purchase renewable high Management potential strategies to mitigate economic impacts of risks and set Measures and 2050 expand the taxation scope to other businesses gradually in energy certificates (RECs) to offset carbon emissions from Financial impact: targets accordingly.
Discussions also focus on practical Goal Setting the future, using economic means to achieve net-zero electricity usage.
Moderate implementation of opportunities, with plans for data collection and Transition emissions.
implementation in the near future.
Risk Fossil fuels remain an important energy source for many Currently, both the Taiwan and overseas business units Time frame: Medium production processes, and it is expected that legislation maintain good production efficiency for machinery, and with term Following the climate change risk and opportunity identification related to climate will significantly increase.
new factory equipment in place, they can further enhance Likelihood: Low meeting, a total of 5 major climate-related risks and 3 significant Costs to related efficiency and energy saving.
Financial impact: transition to climate-related opportunities were identified.
Overseas evaluation for developing green energy Moderate Technology lower Climate change risks matrix businesses is ongoing, with a short-term plan for 500 kW of emissions green energy generation.
technology Implement equipment upgrades for drum-type washing machines and heat exchange equipment for dryers at the Yilan factory for improved efficiency.
Customers are requesting to monitor and reduce carbon Improve process energy efficiency or use composite low- Time frame: Medium Changing emissions.
For primary materials and trimmings, this can be carbon materials.
term Market customer addressed by replacing suppliers with qualified alternatives.
Prepare a list of primary material and trimming Likelihood: Moderate behavior While the processing part uses less energy, there is a risk of replacements, along with maintaining information exchange Financial impact: being reassigned if customers request sudden improvements.
with suppliers to receive market updates in real time.
Severe During the typhoon season every year, there are several days The main assets of the factory in the Philippines, including Time frame: Short term Physical when work is suspended due to heavy rain and typhoons, buildings, improvements, machinery and equipment, as Likelihood: Extremely Acute Cyclones Risk such as damage to power facilities and disruptions in public well as inventory, are all within the annual insurance high transportation preventing workers from coming to work.
coverage of major insurance companies.
Financial impact: Low 41 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Assessment of financial impact of climate risks Financial impact Climate risk Short term Medium term Long term -$750,924 (USD/Year) -$1,966,631 (USD/Year) -$3,968,037(USD/Year)  Cost Increase Estimated carbon fee per ton by 2030 is US$32.72.
Cost Increase Estimated carbon fee per ton by 2040 is US$71.76.
Cost Increase Estimated carbon fee per ton by 2050 is US$99.97.
Increased pricing of GHG   Cost Increase  Third-party verification fees for carbon inventory are  Cost Increase Third-party verification fees for carbon inventory are approximately  Cost Increase Third-party verification fees for carbon inventory are approximately emissions approximately US$10,000 per year.
US$10,000 per year.
US$10,000 per year.
Cost Increase Estimated one-time system implementation cost is US$20,000,  Cost Increase Estimated one-time system implementation cost is US$20,000, and  Cost Increase Estimated one-time system implementation cost is US$20,000, and and ISO system periodic verification costs are US$30,000 per year.
ISO system periodic verification costs are US$30,000 per year.
ISO system periodic verification costs are US$30,000 per year.
-$129,244 (USD/Year) -$790,508 (USD/Year) -$3,184,045 (USD/Year)  Baseline Estimated total carbon emissions for Medtecs Group in 2021 are  Baseline Estimated total carbon emissions for Medtecs Group in 2021 are 20,000  Baseline Estimated total carbon emissions for Medtecs Group in 2021 are 20,000 Net-zero emissions by 2050 20,000 metric tons.
metric tons.
metric tons.
Baseline Linear annual growth rate of GHG emissions from 2020 to 2030 is  Baseline Linear annual growth rate of GHG emissions from 2030 to 2040 is 2.76%.
Baseline Linear annual growth rate of GHG emissions from 2040 to 2050 is 2.11%.
2.95%.
Baseline Linear annual reduction rate from 2030 to 2050 is 3.75%.
Baseline Linear annual reduction rate from 2030 to 2050 is 3.75%.
Baseline Linear annual reduction rate from 2005 to 2030 is 1%.
-$200,000 (USD/Year) -$500,000 (USD/Year) -$500,000 (USD/Year) Costs to transition to lower  Cost Increase Assuming an increase in sales costs, this would result in an  Cost Increase Assuming an increase in sales costs, this would result in an additional  Cost Increase Assuming an increase in sales costs, this would result in an additional emissions technology additional US$200,000 in costs annually from 2023 to 2030, with all other US$500,000 in costs annually from 2031 to 2050, with all other conditions being the US$500,000 in costs annually from 2031 to 2050, with all other conditions being the conditions being the same.
same.
same.
-$2,000,000 (USD/Year)    Cost Increase Estimated carbon fee per ton by 2030 is US$32.72.
Cost Increase Estimated carbon fee per ton by 2040 is US$71.76.
Cost Increase Estimated carbon fee per ton by 2050 is US$99.97.
Changing customer   Cost Increase  Third-party verification fees for carbon inventory are  Cost Increase Third-party verification fees for carbon inventory are approximately  Cost Increase Third-party verification fees for carbon inventory are approximately behavior approximately US$10,000 per year.
US$10,000 per year.
US$10,000 per year.
Cost Increase Estimated one-time system implementation cost is US$20,000,  Cost Increase Estimated one-time system implementation cost is US$20,000, and  Cost Increase Estimated one-time system implementation cost is US$20,000, and and ISO system periodic verification costs are US$30,000 per year.
ISO system periodic verification costs are US$30,000 per year.
ISO system periodic verification costs are US$30,000 per year.
-$129,244 (USD/Year) -$790,508 (USD/Year) -$3,184,045 (USD/Year) Cyclones  Repair Costs The annual repair cost for small motors damaged by typhoons  Repair Costs The annual repair cost for small motors damaged by typhoons is  Repair Costs The annual repair cost for small motors damaged by typhoons is is approximately 40,000 Philippine pesos (equivalent to US$720 at an exchange approximately 40,000 Philippine pesos (equivalent to US$720 at an exchange rate of approximately 40,000 Philippine pesos (equivalent to US$720 at an exchange rate of rate of 0.018).
0.018).
0.018).
GHG Management To develop effective carbon reduction strategies, Medtecs Group conducted a GHG inventory across six factories in Cambodia in 2022 to familiarise ourselves with the inventory process and collecting essential data, alongside conducting internal audit training.
While external verification is pending, we are planning to extend this inventory to include operations in Taiwan, the Philippines, and other locations.
Our goal is to complete a parent-company- only inventory and the consolidated report for subsidiaries by 2025, adhering to regulations and fully disclosing Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.
By 2026, we plan to disclose Scope 3 emissions and aim for external verification in 2027 to secure ISO 14064 certification.
This structured approach will enable us to set ongoing carbon reduction targets and devise actionable plans to reduce GHG emissions across the Group.
Medtecs Group continues to invest resources and efforts through its subsidiaries each year, aiming to reduce the consumption and burden on natural resources during its operations.
For instance, since January 2021, the Xiangshan Laundry Factory in Miaoli has ceased using coal and switched to natural gas boilers, leading to continuous improvements in energy efficiency and a notable reduction in carbon emissions.
Similarly, the Longde Laundry Factory in Yilan stopped using all boilers in April 2021 and transitioned to steam from an industrial co-generation plant within the industrial zone, resulting in a significant decrease in carbon emissions.
42 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment GHG Emissions Group s GHG emission intensity over the years Medtecs Group did not conduct a GHG inventory and assurance this year.
The following data is self- Unit: tCO2e/total operating revenue (K USD) calculated information on Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions: 0.2 0.1744 Unit: tCO2e 0.1429 0.15 Region Item 2021 2022 2023 Scope 1 3,656.17 3,254.72 3,310.45 0.1 0.0564 Taiwan Scope 2 1559.651 1644.233 1693.25 0.05 Total emissions 5,215.82 4,898.96 5003.698 0 2021 2022 2023 Scope 1 53.685 395.802 64.531 GHG Emission Intensity Cambodia Scope 2 1,826.911 1,239.395 1,167.299 Note: Due to the complexity of re-collecting data and differences in reporting units over the years, only the Group s GHG emission intensity for 2023 is disclosed this year.
Total emissions 1,880.597 1,635.197 1,231.83 Scope 1 378.426 688.725 2,036.739 Air Pollution Management Philippines Scope 2 650.924 814.110 907.547 The two laundry factories located in Taiwan do not generate ozone-depleting substances (ODS) during washing and drying processes.
Other major emissions are regularly monitored and remain within standard Total emissions 1,029.351 1,502.835 2,944.286 limits.
We will continue to monitor the latest air pollution regulations and comply with prescribed standards, ensuring equipment maintenance and performance testing to maintain healthy emissions from emission Scope 1 4,088.277 4,339.249 5,411.718 sources.
In the Philippines, the main emissions are GHGs, and regular on-site inspections of coal-fired boilers by the Philippine Environmental Agency have all passed inspection.
The operation of the factory in Cambodia Group Scope 2 4,037.486 3,697.738 3,768.096 differs from Taiwan and the Philippines and does not produce related gas pollutants.
Overseas operating sites also do not produce ozone-depleting substances (ODS) and NOx.
Total emissions 8,125.765 8,036.987 9,179.814 Note 1: In 2023, the Group did not conduct a GHG inventory.
Therefore, the data for Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions Operating Pollutant Emission limit Emissions in 2021 Emissions in 2022 Emissions in 2023 were estimated using the  Mandatory GHG Reporting System  of the Climate Change Administration, Ministry of site Environment.
The emission factors used are from the GHG Emission Factor Management Table version 6.0.
4.
The data for the Yilan Longde Factory is lower this year compared to previous years because it only includes diesel consumption TSP (mg/ Nm3) 30 - 24.57 - for transportation trucks.
Longde Note 2: The figures are rounded to the third decimal place.
Factory in SO x (ppm) 50 46 19 - Note 3: In 2023, the emissions for Scope 1 significantly decreased at the subsidiary in Cambodia due to reduced usage Yilan of company cars compared to the previous year.
NO (ppm) 100 89 63 - x NO (mg/cm) 500 - 36.3 30.77 x Subsidiary in the SO (mg/cm) 700 - 13.7 108.04 x Philippines CO(mg/cm) 500 - 230 104.36 Note: The operating sites in Taiwan did not undergo an inventory check this year, and the subsidiary in the Philippines suspended emission testing in 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
43 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment The subsidiary in Cambodia implemented energy-saving measures this year, reducing the number of light Energy Management bulbs in use and ensuring that power is switched off during non-working hours, resulting in a 5% reduction in electricity usage.
They also installed timer switches for the air conditioning systems in dormitories to reduce electricity usage by 3%.
Additionally, they installed 15 solar street lights in the factory area to increase the use of renewable energy sources.
Furthermore, by accelerating machine operations and reducing personnel Medtecs Group regularly inspects, refurbishes, and replaces outdated equipment with energy-efficient involvement, they collectively reduced electricity costs by 20%.
The subsidiary also adjusted the usage alternatives to enhance the overall energy usage efficiency.
Additionally, the Company strengthens training frequency of company cars, leading to a 5% reduction in diesel consumption.
and advocacy efforts in this regard.
A dedicated unit oversees the results of energy usage to continually plan improvement strategies and gradually increase energy efficiency.
The subsidiary in the Philippines invested US$3,000 to purchase more than 20 solar street lights to replace traditional street lights.
It is estimated that this investment will reduce electricity costs by US$2,500.
In March 2022, the Miaoli Xiangshan Laundry Factory installed a new orbital washing machine and paired it Additionally, in product transportation, the subsidiary adopted compressed packaging to reduce with six natural gas direct-fired dryers.
Combined with the LNG (liquefied natural gas) boilers adopted in 2021, transportation volume, increase vehicle load capacity, and enhance fuel efficiency.
the overall energy conversion efficiency has significantly increased.
The energy savings over 4 years amounted to a 41% reduction in energy consumption.
Our subsequent plan is to reduce energy conversion Energy usage over the past 3 years into heat by improving equipment and combining it with environmental enhancements to save electricity Unit GJ usage.
For example, investing approximately US$1 million in the Xiangshan Laundry Factory in Miaoli to Operating site Energy type 2021 2022 2023 purchase additional tunnel washing machines and replace old models is expected to result in a saving of Electricity 8,079 7,405 7,625 over 10% in annual electricity consumption.
Similarly, the Longde Laundry Factory in Yilan has invested Fuel oil 3,566 771 72 around US$6,700 in 2023 to improve the power factor of the substation, increasing overall efficiency by 10%.
Taiwan Natural gas 67,649 63,959 65,264 Steam 3,647 5,272 5,550 Total energy use 82,941 77,407 78,550 Electricity 12,921 8,926 8,489 Gasoline 19 32 41 Cambodia1 Diesel fuel 703 776 820 Total energy use 13,644 9,734 9,350 Electricity 4,604 5,758 6,600 Philippines2 Coal 3,596 6,545 15,975 Total energy use 8,200 12,303 22,575 Group Total energy use 104,784 99,444 110,475 Note 1: No coal, fuel oil nor natural gas were used in the manufacturing and production processes in Cambodia.
Note 2: No fuel oil nor natural gas were used in the manufacturing and production processes in Philippines.
Note 3: Due to increased production output in the dyeing and finishing plant in 2023, the coal consumption of the subsidiary in the Philippines has significantly increased.
Group s energy intensity over the years Unit: energy consumption/total operating revenue (GJ/K USD) 2.5 1.991 2 1.7681 1.5 1 0.7664 0.5 Orbital washing machine 0 2021 2022 2023 Energy Intensity 44 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Water Management As global warming progresses, the climate patterns across different Material Topic: Water Management regions are undergoing noticeable changes.
Once-plentiful water 2023 Targets Our Progress sources are now facing threats like desertification and freshwater salinization.
Given these challenges, Medtecs, which depends on An annual water savings rate of 1% in Taiwan s stable water supplies for its operations, recognises the heightened   In progress Xiangshan Factory.
need to responsibly manage our water usage and wastewater discharge.
This commitment is crucial to sustaining our services and supporting environmental sustainability.
Reduce water consumption by 10% in   Achieved.
Cambodia Medtecs is committed to using environmentally friendly raw materials, conserving water, and improving water efficiency, as well as establishing water recycling facilities.
We rigorously monitor equipment Future Goals conditions to ensure efficient operation and prevent water wastage.
Taiwan Additionally, we research possibilities for wastewater recycling to   An annual water savings rate of 1% in Taiwan s Xiangshan Factory.
increase water recovery rates.
Regarding wastewater discharge, we Cambodia outperform the required standards and strictly adhere to environmental   Install automatic faucets with continuous water meters to reduce water consumption by 5% from 2024 2026.
laws and regulations in each country, avoiding the use of highly 2024 Targets Philippines polluting chemicals.
Furthermore, we conduct regular employee   Within 3 years, complete the construction of a 60 m3 reservoir to increase the water recycling rate of the dyeing plant to 30%.
training to enhance awareness of water resources management among   Within the next three years, Medtecs aims to complete the installation of pipelines at our factory.
This infrastructure upgrade will our staff.
enable the recycling of water from water-jet looms and dyeing plant effluents.
The reclaimed water will be used for eco-friendly irrigation and toilet flushing purposes, enhancing our sustainability practices and reducing water waste.
Cambodia   1.
Recycle 5% to 10% of water used for factory green irrigation and firefighting purposes.
Philippines 2030 Targets   Construct a 1,000 m3 reservoir/purification tank for dyeing machine and water-jet loom usage, expected to save 40,000 m3 of tap water annually.
Within three years, we will replace all dyeing machines at our plant with models that have smaller bath ratios.
These new machines can process more fabric with the same amount of water, cutting water use and wastewater by about 30%.
45 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Medtecs places significant importance on the effective utilization of water resources.
The Company has Water usage of various operating sites conducted thorough risk assessments of its major subsidiaries using a specialised water resources assessment tool.
The results categorise the risk levels as follows: 2023 Medtecs Group Water Resource Usage Data (Unit: ML)   Taiwan: Low-medium risk 500   Cambodia: Medium-high risk 436.85   Philippines: High risk 400 353.15 Based on these assessments, Medtecs has implemented targeted water resources management measures 300 and enhanced water recycling systems across its subsidiaries.
These initiatives aim to improve the Company's sustainability performance and mitigate water-related risks.
Notably, in 2023, there were no 194 significant incidents of wastewater leaks at any of Medtecs' operating sites, demonstrating the effectiveness 200 of the implemented measures.
140 144 115 98.85 98.15 100 83.7 In Taiwan we have adopted a new type of tunnel washer with water recycling functionality.
This washer can 54 29 draw relatively clean rinse water from the end of the washing process back to the front of the tunnel washer 0.7 0 for pre-washing, reducing water consumption during the washing process.
Additionally, the new orbital Taiwan Cambodia Philippines Group washing machine was officially put into operation in March 2022, and plans are underway to install another Water withdrawl Water discharge Water consumption one in 2024.
By referencing the specifications of the new and old equipment, further estimation of water savings can be made.
In 2023, the subsidiary in the Philippines experienced an increase in water consumption due to higher The subsidiary in Cambodia adheres to using water filtered by professional companies and conducts water utilisation rates of water-intensive water-jet looms and dyeing plant, driven by increased sales of fabric.
quality testing every three months to ensure safe usage for customers.
In 2023, the Cambodian subsidiary Additionally, due to more infrastructure construction and renovation projects in 2023, overall water officially installed water meters to address previous inaccuracies in water resource calculations.
This initiative consumption increased compared to the past 2 years.
Meanwhile, the subsidiary in Cambodia installed water resulted in a 300% reduction in water consumption compared to the previous year.
meters in 2023, allowing for more accurate calculation of water usage data.
The water-jet looms and dyeing plant in the subsidiary in the Philippines belong to industries that consume Group water consumption intensity for 2023 and discharge a high volume of water.
Therefore, the factory plans to construct a rainwater collection facility to supply water to the dyeing and finishing plant during the rainy season, estimating a water savings of Unit: million L / Total operating revenue (K USD) approximately 30%.
Additionally, there are plans to gradually use non-polluted wastewater for toilet cleaning and green irrigation within the factory.
The subsidiary has also collaborated with hospitals for years to develop low-cotton content and soft-textured fabrics (COOLTEX).
Stains on these types of fabrics are easier to remove, and their lifespan is longer, effectively assisting in reducing water usage.
Starting in 2022, the 0.0016 subsidiary in the Philippines installed pipelines and water storage tanks on the factory premises for greenery and cooling the factory's roof.
This initiative helps save approximately 4,000,000 L of water annually, equivalent to saving about US$1,600 in water costs.
In 2023, the factory invested US$2,100 to fully replace the underground water-supplying iron pipes with PVC pipes.
This solved the problem of leaks in the old pipes, and if there is any damage, PVC pipes help personnel detect the damage for immediate repair.
Note: The data disclosed in 2022 was regarding water intake intensity.
In order to comply with the relevant disclosure indicators in the sustainability report, the Group has adjusted to disclose water consumption intensity this year.
46 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Wastewater Management Wastewater discharge volume of Xiangshan Factory and discharge standards Medtecs places a high emphasis on pollution management.
The Company has installed prevention and control facilities at its factory premises and engages specialised companies for proper treatment, thereby reducing its environmental burden and negative impacts.
The Group s two laundry factories in Taiwan 2021 2022 2023 primarily discharge wastewater from laundry activities, which is low in pollution.
Monitoring equipment ensures compliance with the intake limits of wastewater treatment plants or discharge standards.
Regular Test item Discharge standard Annual Annual Annual surprise inspections are conducted by third-party organisations or personnel from local environmental average value average value average value protection departments to confirm ongoing effectiveness and compliance.
measured measured measured   Xiangshan Factory: Wastewater is treated to meet discharge standards before being discharged into the Yangkang River via the Yangkang River canal.
Longde Factory: Wastewater is directed to the wastewater treatment plant in the industrial zone for Coliform bacteria (CFU/100ml) 200,000 6,185 830 370 treatment.
After processing, it is discharged into the Xincheng River via the Longde River canal.
Regarding overseas production sites, the factory in Cambodia does not use dyes and only handles domestic wastewater.
The responsible units regularly send potable water and filtered water for testing by government authorities to ensure that the pH value and Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) are within discharge standards Anionic surfactant 10 0.29 0.185 0.42 required by the local government.
.
To reduce environmental impact, the manufacturing facilities of factory in the Philippines exclusively use low- pollution dyeing agents in the production process.
They also pledge not to use azo dyes.
Moreover, they Chemical oxygen demand 100 84.6 56.15 53.6 recycle and reuse some of the cooling water after dyeing to minimise wastewater discharge.
All wastewater (mg/l) discharged is directed through pipelines to wastewater treatment plant, centrally managed by local authorities, and waste treatment fees are charged based on 80% of the total water usage.
Suspended solids (mg/l) 50 43.95 11.1 10.75 Water temperature ( ) 38 30.05 30.65 31.3 pH value 6-9 8.25 7.65 7.6 Note: Wastewater from Medtecs  subsidiary in Taiwan (Longde Factory in Yilan), Cambodia, and the Philippines is managed by cooperating wastewater treatment plants, hence there are no relevant data available.
47 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Waste Management Medtecs believes that by continuously reducing waste generated during Material Topic: Waste Management operations and collaborating with business partners to create a model 2023 Targets Our Progress for the reuse of waste, it can minimise environmental impact and impact 1.
In 2023, the Xiangshan Factory achieved a 33% reduction in waste fabrics compared to on surrounding residents, while also giving waste new value.
2022, with the recycled waste being utilized to make fuel rods (SRF) for power generation.
Reduce waste by more than 10% in Taiwan   2.
The volume of inorganic sludge generated was decreased by about 48%.
Medtecs strictly enforces local environmental regulations at each 3.
Employee household waste was reduced by approximately 50%.
operating site.
The Company implements comprehensive waste and garbage sorting programs and collaborates with professional recycling organisations to manage waste effectively.
Hazardous waste is handed Reduce waste by 60% in Cambodia.
Achieved over to specialized institutions designated by the Environmental Department for proper recycling and disposal.
Old cardboard boxes are flipped to the other Medtecs enhances waste sorting measures at its operating sites in The reuse rate of old cardboard boxes at the factory exceeded 80%, mainly used for packaging side for reuse, achieving a reuse rate of over   Taiwan and coordinates with local communities to provide appropriate school uniforms and hospital bedding.
80% incentives for individuals to collect and exchange waste, aiding the disadvantaged.
Waste fabrics from these sites are continuously transported to manufacturers producing biomass fuel rods (Solid Recycling of waste yarn in the weaving factory: Previously, waste yarn from the weaving factory The utilisation rate of waste polyester yarn in Recovered Fuel, SRF), which are used in cogeneration plants for   was treated as waste.
After testing and cleaning, it is now used as filling material for pillows, the weaving factory reaches over 60%.
electricity generation.
maximizing the value of waste materials.
Future Targets Taiwan   Continuously reduce waste production every year.
Cambodia 2024 Targets   Upgrade old machinery to automated machines Philippines   The waste yarn automatic cutting machine, expected to arrive at the factory in February 2024, will be used to enhance the reutilisation rate of waste yarn.
Cambodia   Increase recycling rate.
Philippines 2030 Targets   Strive to use environmentally friendly, biodegradable, and recyclable production and packaging materials to reduce environmental pollution.
Aim to achieve a usage rate of new environmentally friendly packaging materials of over 20% within 5 years.
48 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Medtecs  core values in waste management are based on the Waste Generation and Disposal principles of waste reduction at the source, recycling, and reuse.
In Waste Management Highlight: Unit: metric ton addition to focusing on education and training to minimise defects from the manufacturing end, thus reducing the generation of scrap and After quality control of washed and dried scrubs at the laundry factory Waste generation and disposal by composition offcuts, the Company also continually promotes waste sorting, in Taiwan and before shipping, damaged scrubs are identified.
recycling, and reuse among its employees.
Furthermore, it Previously, Medtecs followed a standard waste disposal process, Waste Operating Waste Waste Waste directed diverted from collaborates with specialized operators for subsequent waste handing over such scrubs to a partnered waste disposal operator.
To site composition generated to disposal disposal recycling and processing.
align with Medtecs  core value of source reduction, recycling, and reuse, in 2023, the subsidiary proposed a new approach to waste fabric Waste fabric In 2023, the Group established the Scrap & Waste Disposal Policy for reuse, moving away from the traditional incineration method.
The (including 37.26 0 37.26 SRF) its subsidiary in Cambodia, outlining the handling procedures for subsidiary s Xiangshan Factory signed a waste disposal contract with various types of waste at the factory.
To promote resource recycling, Ta-Yuan Cogeneration Co., Ltd., turning the waste fabric from the Inorganic the subsidiary processes non-woven fabric scrap waste into plastic factory into raw materials for Solid Recovered Fuel (SRF), thus Taiwan 13.31 0 13.31 sludge pellets on-site, which are then recycled into flower pots for reuse.
In extending the value of the waste fabric.
In 2023, a total of 26.57 metric 2023, a total of 75 metric tons of flower pots were produced from these tons of waste fabric was provided, contributing to a total heating value Employee recycled materials.
Any non-recyclable non-woven fabric scrap waste of 72,365.91 kcal/ton to the Ta-Yuan Cogeneration Power Plant.
This household 30.48 0 30.48 is disposed of by a licensed waste disposal company authorized by initiative created a win-win and mutually beneficial resource recycling waste the Cambodian government.
The subsidiary in Cambodia compiles plan for the Company and its partners.
Household monthly generation and waste disposal data for both production and 157.46 0 157.46 waste non-production waste.
Cambodia Production The general waste generated by the subsidiary in the Philippines is 89.57 89.57 0 waste managed and collected by the Free Trade Zone Administration.
For hazardous waste, specifically designated companies registered or Waste approved by the Philippine Environmental Management Bureau are cardboard 18 18 0 responsible for recycling, ensuring that waste disposal is legally boxes compliant.
The subsidiary in the Philippines maintains records of each Waste yarn waste recycling activity, and detailed monthly fees are collected to from 5 5 0 effectively monitor and gather waste data.
Additionally, the subsidiary weaving processes the waste yarn from the weaving factory, tests and cleans factory it, and uses it as filling material for pillows, maximizing the value of the Waste plastic waste materials.
The factory also purchased an automatic waste yarn 2 2 0 bags cutting machine at the end of the year, scheduled for use in 2024.
This Philippines machine is expected to increase efficiency by several times compared Waste paper to manual cutting, allowing for more efficient recycling of waste yarn.
5.1 5.1 0 yarn tubes Waste LED 0.05 0.05 0 tube light Other non- recyclable 241 0 241 waste Note: Due to the use of wheelie bins for waste collection within the industrial zone, there is no information on waste weight available.
49 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Unit: metric ton Unit: metric ton Waste generation by treatment method Waste for direct treatment Waste generation process and potential social/environmental impacts Hazardous waste Hazardous waste Operating site Treatment method On-site Off-site Total Operating site Treatment method On-site Off-site Total Stage Taiwan Cambodia Philippines Incineration (including energy 0 0 0 Preparation for reuse 0 0 0 According to the recovery) Non-woven Recycle for reuse 0 0 0 needs of various Incineration (excluding energy 0 0 0 fabric, Taiwan Other recycling 0 0 0 Taiwan recovery) hospitals, Medtecs polyester/cotton operation Buried in landfill 0 0 0 either purchases fabric, fabrics to produce Total 0 0 0 Other disposal operation 0 0 0 Non-woven nylon/polyester Input Upstream suppliers finished products Preparation for reuse 0 0 0 Total 0 0 0 fabric ear loops, or directly Incineration (including energy 0 0 0 cardboard Recycle for reuse 0 0 0 purchases recovery) boxes, cotton Cambodia Other recycling medical scrubs 0 0 0 Incineration (excluding energy 0 0 0 yarn, packaging operation from external Cambodia recovery) plastic bags suppliers.
Total 0 0 0 Buried in landfill 0 0 0 Preparation for reuse 0 0 0 Other disposal operation 0 0 0 The laundry factory washes Recycle for reuse 0 0 0 Total 0 0 0 Production and and dries the dirty Weaving, Philippines Other recycling 0.05 0 0.05 Incineration (including energy 0 0 0 Cutting, sewing, Activity manufacturing activities medical scrubs dyeing, and recovery) and packaging operation at Medtecs  factories used in hospitals sewing Incineration (excluding energy 0 0 0 Total 0.05 0 0.05 before returning Philippines recovery) Non-hazardous waste them for reuse.
Buried in landfill 0 0 0 Operating site Treatment method On-site Off-site Total Other disposal operation 0 0 0 Protective coveralls, Preparation for reuse 0 0 0 Total 0 0 0 isolation gowns, Recycle for reuse 0 0 0 Non-hazardous waste Face masks, Downstream brand patient gowns, Taiwan Other recycling Operating site Treatment method On-site Off-site Total Medical scrubs clothing, 0 0 0 owners/Medtecs  own doctor gowns, operation Incineration (including energy 0 37.26 37.26 are reused.
finished fabrics, brand/products surgical gowns, recovery) PPE Total 0 0 0 shoe covers, Incineration (excluding energy 0 30.48 30.48 Preparation for reuse 0 0 0 Taiwan bouffant caps, recovery) etc.
Recycle for reuse 0 0 0 Buried in landfill 0 0 0 Trimming scraps Cambodia Other recycling Other disposal operation 0 13.31 13.31 Output Wastewater from 89.57 0 89.57 from clothing operation Total 0 81.05 81.05 the laundry production, non- process, scraps Total 89.57 0 89.57 Incineration (including energy 0 0 0 woven fabric, Waste generated from from the recovery) Preparation for reuse 0 19.4 19.4 polyester/cotton Incineration (excluding energy 0 0 0 production and production of Domestic water fabric, waste Recycle for reuse 10.7 0 10.7 manufacturing activities medical scrubs, use Cambodia recovery) packaging Philippines Other recycling Buried in landfill 0 157.46 157.46 at Medtecs  factories and leftover 0 0 0 materials operation materials from the Other disposal operation 0 0 0 (cardboard Total 10.7 19.4 30.1 Total 0 157.46 157.46 production of boxes, plastic medical scrubs Incineration (including energy 0 0 0 film) Note: Production waste in Cambodia and discarded fluorescent lamps recovery) in the Philippines are temporarily stored at the factories awaiting Incineration (excluding energy 0 0 0 subsequent disposal.
Philippines recovery) Buried in landfill 0 0 0 Other disposal operation 0 241 241 Total 0 241 241 50 51 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Human Rights Human Rights Policy Risk Mitigation and Remediation Measures Medtecs Group respects human rights and is committed to We have developed risk mitigation and remediation measures specifically targeting affected parties, including employees and suppliers.
creating a diverse and inclusive work environment.
The Company pledges to support international human rights conventions, United Significant human Nations global compacts, UN Guiding Principles on Business and Target Mitigation measures Remediation measures rights issues Human Rights, ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and When hiring new employees, ensure that the candidate is at least If a child laborer is discovered, we will immediately terminate the contract and make sure that the child Rights at Work, OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, Employees 18 years old.
has not suffered physical or psychological harm, and initiate follow-up compensation measures.
OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct, No Child Labor Request suppliers to sign the Supplier CSR & Integrity Pledge, Establish a complaint mechanism.
If the investigation confirms the validity of a complaint case, the and other international human rights norms and standards, while Suppliers Non-Use of Hazardous Substances Guarantee, and relevant departments should immediately initiate corresponding remedial measures and continue to adhering to local laws and regulations in all operational locations Environmental Statement.
track the status of stakeholders receiving the remedies.
worldwide.
In 2023, the Group has developed and approved a Inform workers of their job responsibilities before employment, If an investigation confirms the occurrence of forced labor, immediate corrective measures will be taken Human Rights Policy endorsed by top-level management.
This Employees and ensure that during the hiring process, supervisors oversee to restore the rights of the affected worker.
policy applies to all managers and employees within the Group, the probationary period without any occurrence of forced labor.
No Forced Labor and we expect our affiliated companies, suppliers, contractors, and Request suppliers to sign the Supplier CSR & Integrity Pledge, Establish a complaint mechanism.
If the investigation confirms the validity of a complaint case, the business partners to acknowledge and adhere to it as well.
For the Suppliers Non-Use of Hazardous Substances Guarantee, and relevant departments should immediately initiate corresponding remedial measures and continue to full policy details, please visit our official website.
Environmental Statement.
track the status of stakeholders receiving the remedies.
Regularly review the salary structure and payments to ensure that they are based on performance and Develop a reasonable salary and compensation policy that align with reward and punishment standards.
If discrepancies are found where compensation does not Employees clearly outlines employee performance evaluation and correspond to performance and the established criteria, the HR Department should review and adjust compensation reward mechanisms.
No Discrimination the salary system accordingly, compensating affected individuals for any losses.
Request suppliers to sign the Supplier CSR & Integrity Pledge, Establish a complaint mechanism.
If the investigation confirms the validity of a complaint, the relevant Suppliers Non-Use of Hazardous Substances Guarantee, and departments should immediately initiate remedial measures and continue to monitor the status of Environmental Statement.
stakeholders receiving the remedies.
Confirm during the hiring process that employees are voluntary If human trafficking is confirmed through investigation, immediate improvement measures will be taken Employees applicants for the job and are clear about the job responsibilities.
to restore the rights of the affected workers.
No Human Request suppliers to sign the Supplier CSR & Integrity Pledge, Establish a complaint mechanism.
If the investigation confirms the validity of a complaint case, the Trafficking Identification of Human Rights Risks Suppliers Non-Use of Hazardous Substances Guarantee, and relevant departments should immediately initiate corresponding remedial measures and continue to Environmental Statement.
track the status of stakeholders receiving the remedies.
To safeguard and protect the human rights of our employees and Each operating site has established the Occupational Safety and to mitigate any potential impacts on human rights within our value Health ( OSH ) Committee responsible for various tasks related The accident investigation process and the handling procedure for significant incidents have been chain, the Company has identified six significant human rights to company-wide occupational safety and health.
These tasks Employees established to ensure that workers receive prompt and proper handling and compensation in the event issues, including prohibiting child labor, prohibiting forced labor, include workplace hazard control, conducting education and A Safe and Healthy of work-related accidents.
opposing discrimination, prohibiting human trafficking, providing a training, and formulating/implementing occupational safety and Work Environment health management plans.
safe and healthy work environment, and supporting employees' Request suppliers to sign the Supplier CSR & Integrity Pledge, Establish a complaint mechanism.
If the investigation confirms the validity of a complaint case, the freedom of association and collective bargaining rights.
Suppliers Non-Use of Hazardous Substances Guarantee, and relevant departments should immediately initiate corresponding remedial measures and continue to Environmental Statement.
track the status of stakeholders receiving the remedies.
Following local labor union laws, regular labor-management meetings, labor-management committees/management and If an investigation confirms any infringement on the freedom of assembly and collective bargaining Freedom of Employees labor councils are convened to facilitate ongoing communication rights of workers, immediate improvement measures will be taken to restore the rights of those workers.
Association and between labor and management.
Right to Collective Request suppliers to sign the Supplier CSR & Integrity Pledge, Establish a complaint mechanism.
If the investigation confirms the validity of a complaint case, the Bargaining Suppliers Non-Use of Hazardous Substances Guarantee, and relevant departments should immediately initiate corresponding remedial measures and continue to Environmental Statement.
track the status of stakeholders receiving the remedies.
52 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment To further strengthen our commitment to human rights, we will assess the implementation of human rights due diligence by systematically identifying and addressing potential human rights risks.
This includes Submit a Grievance conducting regular audits of internal processes and supply chains to ensure that all operations and business activities comply with international human rights standards.
In 2023, Medtecs  subsidiary in Cambodia continued to pass the Workplace Conditions Assessment (WCA) audit with outstanding results, averaging a 3 business days high score of 95 points.
This demonstrates our commitment to human rights and reflects our active efforts to uphold employee rights and improve labor conditions and working environments.
Medtecs regards employees as its most valuable asset.
We listen attentively to every employee's feedback, Acknowledgement Letter & and have established a complaint mechanism.
We encourage employees to submit any human rights-related Receipt of Grievance grievance anonymously.
Upon receiving a complaint, we will set up a dedicated investigation team to verify and assess the situation.
If the complaint is substantiated, we will take immediate remedial action.
We also 14 business days strictly protect the privacy and safety of the complainant, ensuring there is no retaliation whatsoever.
Grievance Mechanism Formation of Grievance Committee Medtecs provides a grievance mechanism through various channels, including a 24-hour dedicated email address (whistleblowing@medtecs.com; hr@medtecs.com), or by personally visiting the Group Human Resources & Administration Department at our headquarters in Taiwan.
Additionally, considering the Company s status as a multinational group with talents proficient in multiple languages, in 2023 we established a multilingual Group Grievance Procedure to enhance the Company s policies and processes.
Investigation & Decision Additionally, all subsidiaries of the Group strictly adhere to local labors to ensure that every employee within the Group has the right to freely form and operate labor unions.
Currently, there are no labor unions established in Taiwan, nor are there any collective agreements.
There is a labor union established for the Dissatisfied operating site in the Philippines, covering 92% of the employees with a collective agreement.
For subsidiaries without labor unions, regular labor-management meetings are held quarterly with transparent communication channels.
In 2023, we did not receive any complaints, and there were no discrimination incidents reported Appeal Grievance Decision across all factories.
We regularly convene labor-management committee, management, and labor council to carefully discuss employee grievances during meetings.
In case of significant operational changes, we comply with the Labor Standards Act by providing advance notice.
10 business days Satisfied Final Response Case Closed 53 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Talent Attraction and Retention Medtecs regards talent as a core asset and actively recruits talent Material Topic: Attraction and Retention through diverse channels and international recruitment avenues.
We 2023 Targets Our Progress offer competitive and internally equitable compensation, All 3 regions achieved the Group target in 2023.
complemented by a range of benefits and activities, to attract talent Taiwan to join our professional team.
Onboarding status: 43 new hires in 2023, with an onboarding rate of 86%   Turnover rate: 2.4% Medtecs advocates for a diverse and inclusive culture, committed to Employee turnover rate not exceed 3%   Philippines mutual growth with its talent.
We have dedicated organisations and Turnover rate: 2% units with diverse recruitment channels to attract talent.
For Cambodia supervisors and employees at all levels and positions, we develop Turnover rate: 0.62% personalised competitive compensation strategies, offering attractive Future Targets salaries, benefits, and ample career development opportunities.
We   Turnover rate: Maintain the turnover rate within 3%, a 0.5% decrease compared to 2023, to ensure employee stability and continuity.
encourage flexible work arrangements and international exchanges,   Employee training participation rate: Increase by 15% compared to 2023, reaching approximately 32 hours per person annually, to leveraging technology and data analytics to create a flexible and enhance learning and development opportunities for employees.
motivating environment, continually providing an attractive work   Continuously conduct workshops on gender-friendly workplaces to promote diversity and inclusivity in the Company s culture.
experience for our employees.
Leverage diverse recruitment channels: Increase the use of new recruitment channels like Monster.
SG in Singapore and 51job in 2024 Targets China to attract more international talent.
Use technological innovation to develop key talents, ensuring organisational sustainability, and enhancing employee experience: Hire external consultants to share knowledge on technological innovations, conduct multiple sessions on ChatGPT usage for learning purposes, develop key talents with a focus on continuous learning (7S) to achieve organisational sustainability and provide employees with more attractive work experiences.
1.
Enhance the system for competitive salaries and benefits.
2.
Continually expand internal training and professional development opportunities while fostering exchanges among the Group's employees.
3.
Offer more work-life balance programs.
4.
Increase the visibility of corporate brand and practice social responsibility.
2030 Targets 5.
Promote the application of 4A technologies (AI, Application Programming Interfaces, Data Analytics, Automation) to further optimise talent management systems:   AI: Accelerate data analysis speed and improve accuracy.
APIs: Achieve more efficient workflow automation.
Data Analytics: Enhance service quality and reduce costs through data analysis.
Automation: Improve the Company s innovation and competitiveness through automation.
54 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Medtecs regards talent selection, recruitment, development, promotion, Workforce structure and retention as key drivers for the Company s operational development.
The Company leverages diverse international Taiwan Philippines Cambodia Category recruitment channels to attract excellent global talent.
This year, Male Female Total Male Female Total Male Female Total Medtecs is also using international recruitment platforms such as Number of Employees 147 220 367 207 193 400 492 2,054 2,546 China s 51job and Southeast Asia's Monster to reach more international 30 years old and below 39 34 73 30 17 47 202 648 850 talent.
Additionally, through temporary staffing, Medtecs supplements Age 31 50 years old 62 104 166 141 134 275 273 1,344 1,617 short-term manpower to help achieve organisational development Above 50 years old 46 82 128 36 42 78 17 62 79 goals at various stages.
Employment Regular employee 112 167 279 187 186 373 410 2,054 2,546 Operating sites in Taiwan and Cambodia have no non-employee contract Contract employee 35 53 88 20 7 27 0 0 0 workers, while the site in the Philippines has a total of 25 non-employee Employment Full-time employee 144 216 360 207 193 400 492 2,054 2,546 workers, all of whom are in security positions.
Medtecs emphasises gender equality and diversity in terms of race and nationality among its type Part-time employee 3 4 7 0 0 0 0 0 0 employees.
Female representation among middle management is 43%, Senior Executive 9 2 11 4 2 6 1 0 1 and among senior executives, it is 22%.
Detailed employee data and Job level Middle Management 4 4 8 15 11 26 2 1 3 diversity in hiring for the Group are shown in the table below.
General Employees 134 214 348 188 180 368 489 2,053 2,542 Note: We provide our employees with excellent remuneration and benefits, a Employee: Individuals who enter into an employment relationship with the organisation in accordance with national laws or relevant requirements (employees in Taiwan who contribute to labor comprehensive career development plan, and actively nurture and insurance).
retain talents to cultivate leaders with the TARPS (Teamwork, Regular Employee: Individuals who sign indefinite-term contracts.
Accountability, Reward, Punishment, and Solution-oriented) spirit.
Contract Employee: Individuals who sign fixed-term contracts.
Full-time Employee: Individuals whose working hours fall under the definition of working hours according to the Labor Standards Act, with a maximum of 8 hours per day and 40 hours per week in Taiwan.
Part-time Employee: Those who are not full-time employees.
Senior Executive: Positions at the level of Assistant Vice President or above.
The figures in this table are calculated using the Full-Time Equivalent (FTE) method.
Diversity in Employment Taiwan Philippines Cambodia Category Number of people Percentage Number of people Percentage Number of people Percentage Indigenous people 5 1.36% 0 0% 163 6.40% Employees with disabilities 27 7.35% 0 0% 18 0.71% Foreign employees 89 24.25% 0 0% 13 0.51% Note: Percentage = Number of people in the category / Total employees in the region * 100% 55 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Medtecs actively recruited technical talents in anticipation of labor shortages.
In 2023, several talent New Hires and Turnover by Region recruitment projects were initiated, including expanding international recruitment channels and launching industry-university collaborations.
The statistics for new hires and employee turnover in 2023 are as follows: Overview of new hires in 2023 Name of project Description Results in 2023 Taiwan Philippines Cambodia Use the recruitment platform, Monster, in Southeast Asia to reach In 2023, the number of applicants for job Status of new hires International Recruitment Male Female Male Female Male Female talents from Singapore, Malaysia, the Philippines, Indonesia, openings was 36 times the number of Platform (Southeast Asia) Thailand, and Vietnam.
positions recruited by the Company.
30 years old and below 16 20 13 4 79 175 In 2023, the number of applicants for job 31 50 years old 36 41 13 7 45 120 International Recruitment Use recruitment platforms in China to connect with talents from openings was 54 times the number of Above 50 years old 11 22 2 0 0 2 Platform (China) China.
positions recruited by the Company.
Total number of 147 220 207 193 492 2,054 Broaden recruitment initiatives to attract international students, and employees Planning of this initiative began at the end of Industry University promote the International Industrial Talents Education Special Total number of new hires 63 83 28 11 124 297 2023, and execution will commence in Collaboration Program Program (INTENSE Program) to align with our need for 2024.
strengthening mid-level managerial and technical talent Percentage of new hires 42.9% 37.7% 14% 6% 25.20% 14.46% Note: Percentage of new hires = Total number of new hires / Total number of employees * 100% Overview of turnover in 2023 Taiwan Philippines Cambodia Status of turnover Male Female Male Female Male Female 30 years old and below 12 13 47 27 71 283 31 50 years old 45 41 58 67 80 350 Above 50 years old 9 23 13 18 9 14 Total number of employees 147 220 207 193 492 2,054 Total number of turnovers 66 77 118 112 160 647 Percentage of turnover 44.9% 35% 57% 58% 32.52% 31.50% Note: Percentage of turnover = Total number of turnover / Total number of employees * 100% 56 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Talent Training and Development Exceptional employees form the foundation of a company's success.
Material Topic: Talent Training and Development Skilled and knowledgeable employees can effectively complete tasks and enhance the company's overall competitiveness.
As the international and industrial landscape rapidly evolves, companies must 2023 Targets Our Progress continually adapt their strategies to overcome challenges.
By implementing globally standardized training programs, employees' core competencies can be strengthened.
Furthermore, integrating 4A digital Taiwan training ensures that employees possess the capabilities to meet   Further enhance the effectiveness and dynamic market demands and generate long-term value for the comprehensiveness of employee training to company.
Moreover, this approach provides employees with support the Company's continuous growth in open In 2023, all goals were achieved, with overall training time increasing compared to 2022.
The total training time reached 7,766 hours, a opportunities for growth and advancement.
The goal is not only to innovation and sustainable development, with the   growth of 385%.
elevate employee performance but also to foster employee loyalty and overall training hours growing by 5.3 times.
Implement more specific actions or action plans satisfaction, thereby reducing talent attrition and maintaining a stable through 4A goal setting and require all departments internal talent pool.
to continue promoting learning.
The main policy is to create an open and innovative culture, establish an environment that supports employee growth and lifelong learning, and create diverse value to drive high-quality innovation and sustainable Cambodia development for the Company.
Conduct training for all employees once a month in   Achieved.
Additionally, new employee orientation now takes place on the 7th day after joining.
Cambodia The heads of various departments are required to develop annual employee training and development plans to strengthen the integration of corporate culture with business development strategies and core values.
Annual employee training plans are formulated based on the Company s business and personnel needs, and include Philippines multidimensional course content such as professional intelligence   Conduct training for all employees once a month.
Due to manpower shortages in the HR Department, the 2023 goals were not met.
A training specialist has been hired to execute the   training, leadership development, and digital 4A literacy enhancement.
Provide new employee orientation on their first day 2024 training plan.
Internal training, seminars, symposiums, and other activities are held at of joining.
regular intervals to achieve cross-departmental collaboration and knowledge sharing 57 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Future Targets Taiwan   Strengthen employees' professional capabilities in core business areas, with a goal of achieving an average of 32 training hours per person.
Increase 4A digital training courses to enhance employees  application capabilities of digital tools and technologies.
Develop leadership training programs to enhance cross-cultural collaboration and responsiveness among middle and senior management.
Conduct employee satisfaction surveys from time to time and set up an employee suggestion box to increase feedback mechanisms, and improve employee loyalty and stabilize development internally.
Philippines   Promote short-term training courses and workshops to enhance soft skills, technical skills, and industry-related knowledge.
2024 Targets   Provide job rotation training opportunities and promote employee book clubs to strengthen internal knowledge-sharing.
Arrange mentoring and coaching for employees to help them address capability gaps in a one-on-one manner.
Enhance communication of performance expectations with employees.
Establish feedback mechanisms for training course satisfaction and needs.
Cambodia   Offer digital skills training workshops to boost employees' digital literacy, making these skills a part of their daily routines.
Leverage emerging technologies to increase work efficiency.
Develop 3-4 bilingual middle managers to strengthen communication and leadership across the Company.
Taiwan   Strengthen corporate culture and core values through internal communication and training programs to create a collaborative and innovative work environment.
Establish an international talent pool and implement talent mobility initiatives to meet the manpower needs of different regions.
Continuously build a diverse and inclusive workplace environment.
Philippines   Set up an e-learning platform with a variety of learning options.
Collaborate with external training institutions to provide a variety of professional training programs.
Create individual development plans for each employee.
Align employee individual development plans with organisational strategic goals.
2030 Targets   Conduct competency assessments for various levels within the organisation and establish a competency framework.
Identify key roles within the organisation and develop talent succession plans.
Establish key performance indicators mechanisms.
Cambodia   Identify and cultivate team members who align with and embody the vision, mission, core values, management culture, and work ethic of the Group.
Continuously train and develop 4A work capabilities, including AI, APIs, Data Analytics, and Automation.
Integrate these skills into daily work to enhance team productivity and management efficiency.
Establish a stable multinational management team that consistently endorses the steady improvement of the quality system, cost reduction, and efficiency enhancement.
Provide competitive compensation packages, living conditions, and working conditions that ensure sustainable competitiveness.
Actively nurture 10-15 local bilingual mid-level management talents.
58 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Medtecs expects its employees to practice KUNGFU: Know your customer, Understand the transaction, Never Education and training topic and hours by region give up, Good for stakeholders, Faith, and Up in order to create long-term value for the Company and to maintain stable growth.
At the same time, we also consider the development and growth of our employees to Taiwan Philippines Cambodia be an important responsibility.
We offer a wide range of staff training programs in line with the Group's core Number of Number of Number of Number of Number of Number of Training type values and strategies.
In 2023, the average training hours per person were approximately 21.16 hours, 7.98 sessions people trained sessions people trained sessions people trained hours, and 0.39 hours for Medtecs  operating sites in Taiwan, the Philippines, and Cambodia, respectively.
The General training (including 73 412 40 123 20 359 detailed statistics are as follows: new employee orientation) Professional training 18 577 31 58 6 39 Implementation of education and training by region Occupational safety and 32 1,082 2 3 29 470 health Male Female Total 123 2,071 73 184 55 868 Average Average Taiwan Total training Total number of Total training Total number of training hours training hours hours people hours people per person per person Senior Executive 1,052.50 9 116.94 31.50 2 15.75 Training courses structure in Taiwan Middle Management 415.50 4 103.88 610.50 4 152.63 Course Description General Employees 2,844.20 134 21.23 2,811.92 214 13.14 We provide general courses such as Compliance Training, Sexual Harassment Prevention and Reporting Advocacy, Anti- Total 4,312.20 147 29.33 3,453.92 220 15.70 Corruption/Anti-Bribery Guidelines, 7S Management, etc.
, to deepen employees' understanding and sense of identity with General training Medtecs  culture.
(including new Male Female employee We provide pre-employment training initiatives for new hires, including Group Operations Policy, Sustainable Development Cambodia Total training Total number of Average Total training Total number of Average orientation) Program, New Employee Orientation, Introduction to Personnel Systems, and occupational Safety and Health Training.
These training hours training hours programs aim to familiarise new employees with the Group s vision and corporate culture, ensuring a smooth integration into hours people hours people per person per person the organisation.
Senior Executive - 1 - - - - The courses related to professional education are planned and developed by the respective units: Middle Management 39.50 2 19.75 66.00 1 66 1.
External professional training based on expertise (including internal seminars or visits, etc.
).
General Employees 323.00 489 0.66 547.00 2,053 0.27 Professional 2.
Job teaching based on employees' professional capabilities.
The courses include product training and practical exercises.
Suitable courses are converted into digital materials, allowing Total 362.50 492 0.74 613.00 2,054 0.30 education employees to quickly adapt to new environments, engage in their job roles, and unleash their potential without time and space constraints.
The training educates employees on the use of firefighting equipment, fire evacuation drills, and the regulations for using Male Female various machinery within the facility.
It aims to build comprehensive knowledge and practical skills in occupational safety and Average Average Philippines Total training Total number of Total training Total number of Occupational safety health, preventing workplace accidents.
For employees stationed at hospitals, additional education and training are provided.
training hours training hours and health hours people hours people This includes education on infection control measures within the hospital, information on emerging epidemics, procedures for per person per person donning and doffing protective equipment, as well as guidelines for washing and transporting cloth products.
Senior Executive 53.50 4 13.38 8.00 2 4.00 Middle Management 74.00 15 4.93 81.00 11 7.36 General Employees 1,877.00 188 9.98 1,096.50 180 6.09 Total 2,004.50 207 9.68 1,185.50 193 6.14 The Group provides a series of new employee training courses to help them become familiar with the Group s vision and company culture upon joining.
In addition, for existing employees, regular general and professional courses are conducted to make employees more proficient in their job responsibilities.
The training also complies with occupational safety and other relevant regulations regarding annual training hours.
Continuous improvement of professional knowledge is emphasised to maximise value.
Detailed education and training content and hours are outlined in the following table.
59 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Training courses structure in Cambodia Taiwan Course Description Item Managerial position Non-managerial position Direct personnel Indirect personnel We provide pre-employment training initiatives, including New Employee Orientation, Introduction to Personnel Systems, Group Percentage of male General training Operations Policy, Sustainable Development Program, and Occupational Health and Safety, On-the-Job Education and employees who have 90% 79.9% 76.1% 93.2% (including new Training.
These programs aim to familiarize new employees with the Group s vision and corporate culture, ensuring a smooth undergone evaluation employee orientation) integration into the organisation.
Percentage of female employees who have 85.7% 82.8% 81.3% 96.7% The training educates employees on the use of firefighting equipment, fire evacuation drills, and the use of various machinery Occupational safety undergone evaluation within the facility.
It aims to build comprehensive knowledge and practical skills in occupational safety and health, preventing and health workplace accidents.
Note: The CEO, Chairman, and general managers were not evaluated, and employees who have been in their positions for less than 3 months are not evaluated.
Training courses structure in Philippines Philippines Course Description Item Managerial position Non-managerial position Direct personnel Indirect personnel We hold brainstorming activities every month to promote innovative thinking and problem-solving.
Additionally, we regularly Percentage of male introduce Company information, structure, policy guidelines and manuals to new hires, and provide introductions to all staff in employees who have 100% 51% 55% 40% General training different departments.
undergone evaluation (including new To focus on work-life balance, we provide psychological first aid online seminars that emphasize stress management in the Percentage of female employee workplace to support employees' needs.
We establish good communication channels with employees to ensure that the right employees who have 100% 57% 56% 71% orientation approaches and mechanisms are in place to promote effective teamwork, thereby increasing productivity.
undergone evaluation Furthermore, we hold seminars on labor dispute prevention and resolution, intellectual property protection, and anti-corruption to enhance the Company s compliance with regulation, ensuring operational compliance and protect brand image.
Note: Philippines only evaluates frontline workers who can be assessed using quantifiable metrics.
Those holding positions such as drivers, janitors, Professional We offer skills training in cutting, sewing, quality control, maintenance, sales, and marketing to enhance the professional skills warehouse assistants, and loaders are not included in the evaluation scope.
Additionally, according to regulations, employees on unpaid leave do education and work quality of our employees.
not fulfill their job responsibilities, making it impossible for the Company to evaluate their performance.
Due to these two reasons, the evaluation rate did not reach 100% in 2023.
To ensure the safety and health of employees, we actively conduct occupational safety and health training, including courses related to occupational safety and health, as well as labor safety and health.
In addition, we regularly hold fire evacuation drills and provide emergency response, basic first aid, and cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) training to enhance employees' Occupational safety Cambodia ability to respond to emergencies.
and health Item Managerial position Non-managerial position Direct personnel Indirect personnel We also provide information and prevention guidelines on dengue fever to ensure the health and safety of workplaces, homes, Percentage of male and individuals and prevent the spread of dengue fever.
employees who have 100% 24% 24% 100% undergone evaluation Percentage of female Performance Management and Development employees who have 100% 16% 16% 100% undergone evaluation All employees of Medtecs undergo regular performance evaluations, except for employees in the Taiwan subsidiary who have been in their positions for less than 3 months and therefore have not undergone Note 1: Employees who served less than 3 months in 2023 were not evaluated, hence the evaluation rate did not reach 100%.
evaluation.
Additionally, some employees in the Philippines and Cambodia subsidiaries are not included in the Note 2: Due to lower-than-expected order volumes in 2023, the Company temporarily suspended the hiring of some contract workers from February performance evaluations due to their contract type, and the evaluation criteria only apply to certain positions, to December.
This led to the evaluation rate not reaching 100%.
Note 3: Some contract workers were not evaluated due to the nature of their contracts.
resulting in a lower percentage of employees being evaluated in these regions.
60 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Taiwan - Interview skills for talent assessment Cambodia - Occupational injury prevention education and training Taiwan - Frontline supervisor training Philippines - Increasing ovarian cancer awareness Philippines - Workshop Taiwan - Creating a gender-friendly workplace Cambodia - New employee orientation 61 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Employee Benefits Salaries and Benefits The Employee Welfare Committee of Medtecs provides various benefits to employees annually, including allocating employee welfare funds, offering education subsidies, organising employee activities, spring banquet, etc.
, to care for employees from multiple perspectives.
This aims to foster internal cohesion, Overall Salaries enhance a sense of belonging, relieve work pressure, and balance life.
The Company also allows employees to purchase Company products with employee discount from time to time for their family and friends.
Medtecs Group values employee rights and welfare.
We abide by local regulations, and provides generous Additionally, small costume parties and team-building activities are held to boost morale and strengthen salary and diverse benefits to employees.
We have established comprehensive performance evaluations and relationships among employees.
The Taiwan headquarters spent a total of US$248,408 on various employee compensation reward mechanisms to motivate employees to grow together with us, dedicating ourselves welfare subsidies in 2023.
fully to the future of the Group.
Additionally, we help middle-aged and senior workers stay employed, providing services to those interested in continuing their careers.
Category Benefits Ratio of standard salary for grassroots personnel to the local minimum salary for 2023 Marriage allowance (US$) Maternity allowance Taiwan Philippines Cambodia Supporting benefits Funeral allowance for employees and their families Payment for medical expenses from work-related hospitalisation Category Female Male Female Male Female Male Health check-ups Local minimum Monthly salary: Monthly salary: Monthly salary: Monthly salary: Monthly salary: Monthly salary: salary in 2023 Education bonuses Subsidy for continuing studies 860 860 257.5 257.5 200 200 (A) Company trips (Spring banquet) Leisure and recreation Festival activities (Halloween, year-end parties) Standard salary Birthday celebration for full-time Monthly salary: Monthly salary: Monthly salary: Monthly salary: Monthly salary: Monthly salary: grassroots 860 860 257.5 257.5 217 217 Festival bonus (Labor Day, Dragon Boat Festival, Mid-Autumn Festival) personnel (B) Group accident and medical insurance Basic benefits Birthday bonus Ratio (B/A) 1 1 1 1 1.08 1.08 Meal and travel allowance Standard salary Maternity Benefits for contract Monthly salary: Monthly salary: Daily wage: Daily wage: Monthly salary: Monthly salary: grassroots 860 860 9 9 217 217 Medtecs follows Taiwan's Gender Equality in Employment Act, allowing male and female employees to apply personnel (C) for unpaid parental leave according to relevant procedures, supporting employees during important life Ratio (C/A) 1 1 1 1 1 1 stages.
In 2023, 9 employees from the Philippine subsidiary applied for unpaid parental leave, all returning to work after their leave, resulting in a 100% reinstatement rate.
At the Taiwan headquarters, 1 employee Note: Exchange rates are based on the rates as of December 29, 2023: USD to TWD = 1:30.7; USD to PHP = 1:55.37; There is no exchange rate applied for unpaid parental leave in 2022 and returned to work, resulting in a 100% retention rate.
In 2023, 5 conversion for the Cambodia branch as transactions are conducted in USD locally.
employees were eligible for unpaid parental leave, but only 1 applied, resulting in a 20% application rate.
Male-to-female salary ratio for 2023 Due to varying career development and financial considerations among employees, a 100% application rate was not achieved.
Taiwan Philippines Cambodia Category Retirement System Female Male Female Male Female Male The Group allocates retirement benefits in accordance with labor laws at each location.
According to legal Senior Executive 1 1.59 1 1.65 1 N/A regulations, executives or employees with professional skills can apply for a transition to technical or advisory Middle 1 1.13 1 0.31 1 6.5 roles around the time of retirement (at an appropriate time).
They can take on mentoring roles, allowing Management retiring employees with specialised skills to guide succession planning smoothly.
For frontline employees General 1 0.93 1 0.83 1 2.78 nearing retirement at age 64, they are consulted regarding their willingness and physical condition, and they Employees may continue their current job after the statutory retirement age (not subject to the mandatory retirement Note: The subsidiary in Cambodia had no female senior executives in 2023, so there was no calculation of the male-to-female salary ratio.
regulation at age 65).
62 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Parental leave without pay in 2023 Taiwan Philippines Cambodia Item Male Female Male Female Male Female Number of people eligible for parental leave without pay in 2023 (A) 2 3 5 4 0 0 Number of people who applied for parental leave without pay in 2023 (B) 0 1 5 4 0 0 Application B/A  0 33.3% 100% 100% 0 0 Number of people who should be reinstated from parental leave without pay in 2023 0 0 5 4 0 0 (C) Number of people who were reinstated from parental leave without pay in 2023 (D) 0 0 5 4 0 0 Reinstatement rate (D/C) for parental leave without pay 0 0 100% 100% 0 0 Number of employees who were reinstated from parental leave in 2022 (E) 0 1 0 0 0 0 Number of people who were reinstated from parental leave without pay in 2022 and 0 1 0 0 0 0 have worked for a period of one year (F) Retention rate (F/E) for parental leave without pay 0 100% 0 0 0 0 63 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Employee activities in 2023 Philippines Taiwan Halloween Through fun, enjoyable, and team- Spring Banquet building activities, we aim to foster In February 2023, Medtecs held its annual spring banquet in Yilan.
In addition to the highly positive morale within the team and anticipated local cuisine and lucky draw activities, the morning was filled with energetic mountain integrate Filipino culture into our hiking activities.
This not only allowed employees to enjoy delicious food and have fun but also corporate values.
This includes helped maintain their health, meeting our vision of  bettering the world s health for everyone, office design activities, costume everywhere .
competitions, and children s Halloween dress-up events.
In total, 39 employees participated in these festivities.
Christmas To celebrate the annual Christmas festivities, we organised many events with a theme based on the 1980s style.
These included prize draws, retro dance competitions, rookie performances, and a vote for the best costume of the night.
In total, 90 employees participated in these activities Year-end Banquet In December 2023, Medtecs organised the annual year-end party to thank employees for their hard Jinshan Team Building work and dedication.
The theme for this year's party was  Back to the Y2K Nightclub , creating a In June 2023, all employees festive atmosphere reminiscent of the millennium era.
The venue was equipped with more diverse of Medtecs gathered at the facilities and exciting experiences than previous years, including KTV, Nintendo Switch, billiards, Jinshan Youth Activity and darts machines.
Various competitive activities were also held, such as team water battles with Center for a unique team- spinning bikes, foosball competitions, and individual or group costume contests.
Participants put in building event - the their best efforts to compete for prizes, not only enjoying delicious food and drinks but also Adventure Treasure Hunt.
recharging their energy to face the challenges of 2024.
This event not only tested the team's decision-making and cooperation skills but also required creativity and public relations abilities to Cambodia gain extra points.
Despite the hot environment, everyone overcame physical challenges and successfully completed the International Labor Day adventurous tasks.
Through this event, we deeply felt that  alone we can go fast, but together we To celebrate International Labor Day can go far .
This belief will continue to inspire us to provide safe and effective products and warm on May 1st, we organised an services.
International Labor Day ceremony and invited the Governor of Kampong Pride Month Cham  representative to participate in In June 2023, we turned Taipei office into a colorful paradise as the event.
We prepared multiple prize we celebrated Pride month together.
We dressed in vibrant draw activities, including prizes of rainbow attire, accompanied by stunning handmade rainbow US$100, US$50, US$20, as well as accessories.
other items such as smartphones, bicycles, electric fans, rice cookers, Reflecting Medtecs  Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Policy released etc.
In total, approximately 2,200 in 2022, we stand united in creating a workplace that values and employees participated in these activities.
respects all gender identities and sexual orientations.
64 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Occupational Safety and Health Employee health and safety are crucial for the productivity, efficiency, Material Topic: Occupational Safety and Health and competitiveness of a company.
By continuously improving and 2023 Targets Our Progress strengthening safety management systems, conducting risk assessments, providing training and education, and understanding Taiwan employee needs, a stable, safe, and healthy work environment can   All environmental tests meet standards.
be established.
This helps to increase employee job satisfaction and   Conduct annual risk assessments and   Achieved well-being, thereby promoting job engagement and initiative and make improvements accordingly.
enhancing the overall competitiveness and sustainability of the   Reduce work-related incidents year by Company.
year.
Each operating site of the Company has established an Occupational Safety and Health Committee, which holds regular meetings to provide comprehensive occupational safety and health education Philippines and training, as well as a safe working environment.
Implement employee training to ensure compliance with regulations.
Achieved   Zero (0) accident consistently.
Conduct annual risk assessments and make improvements accordingly.
Implement comprehensive employee training on regulatory compliance in Cambodia, including fire   Achieved prevention, first aid, work safety, and hazardous chemical handling 65 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Future Targets Taiwan   All environmental tests meet standards.
Conduct annual risk assessments and make improvements accordingly.
Reduce work-related incidents year by year.
Zero cases of occupational diseases.
Philippines   Implement employee safety-related training courses: Specifically targeting high-risk occupations such as boiler operators, electricians, and construction maintenance workers (working at heights), requiring employees to pass qualified training before starting work.
Conduct workplace safety inspections to identify potential risks.
Install or update safety signage in critical areas of the workplace: Use reflective materials for all electrical boxes and post warning signs; use reflective paint markings on each step of all stairs; convert stairs originally made of iron plates to concrete 2024 Targets stairs to prevent slipping accidents during rainy weather.
Review and update safety-related policies and procedures.
Encourage reporting of near-miss accidents and potential hazards, establish a system for anonymous reporting by employees.
Regularly inspect and replenish first aid kits and post prominent signs indicating the location of first aid stations for all employees.
Convene safety committee meetings: Maintain monthly safety meetings.
Cambodia   Conduct risk assessments annually and make improvements accordingly.
Implement employee safety-related training courses.
Conduct workplace safety inspections to identify potential risks.
Regularly inspect and replenish first aid kits and ensure that all employees are aware of the location of first aid stations.
Taiwan   All environmental tests meet standards.
Conduct annual risk assessments and make improvements accordingly.
Reduce work-related incidents year by year.
Zero cases of occupational diseases.
Philippines   Achieve a workplace with zero accidents, zero injuries, and zero occupational diseases.
Cultivate a safety culture within the organisation.
2030 Targets   Ensure that workspaces and equipment placement comply with ergonomic design principles.
Conduct regular risk assessments.
Establish effective communication channels for safety-related issues, encourage employee participation, and provide feedback.
Cambodia   Conduct risk assessments annually and make improvements accordingly.
Establish effective communication channels for safety-related issues, encourage employee participation, and provide feedback.
Train employees to acquire more local technical knowledge and skills.
66 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment To ensure the hygiene and safety of our working environment, Medtecs Group has established OSH Committees at each subsidiary, despite not having a formal safety management system.
These committees hold regular meetings and actively implement OSH policies.
All employees of Medtecs Group are covered by the OSH Committees, with no exclusions.
The OSH Committee at the Xiangshan Factory in Taiwan is chaired by the factory manager, with the deputy factory manager serving as the committee secretary.
It also includes representatives from various management levels and labor representatives, totaling 10 members.
Meetings are held in January, April, July, and October each year.
The Longde Factory in Taiwan does not currently have an OSH Committee due to not meeting the criteria set by the Occupational Safety and Health Management Regulations.
However, it has established an OSH Management Program to ensure workplace safety.
We have formulated OSH Management Programs at our factories and offices worldwide, including Maternal Health Protection Program, Abnormal Workload-Induced Disease Prevention and Management Program, and Human Factor Hazard Prevention Program, to create a Zero Accident work environment.
For example, the OSH Management Program of the Longde factory in Yilan not only explains the factory's policy commitments but also plans out when to carry out various hazard identification, assessment, and control measures within the year.
This is to achieve the goals of zero work-related injuries and zero hygiene deficiencies.
The plan also clearly assigns responsible personnel.
At the Medtecs Group s Bataan Factory in the Philippines, we installed exhaust fans and roof water sprinkler systems in warehouses to improve ventilation and reduce temperatures inside the warehouse.
Additionally, the water loom unit provide slip-resistant work shoes to on-site workers to prevent slipping and injuries due to wet floors.
In Cambodia, through the establishment of OSH committee responsibility documents, the duties of each committee member and relevant OSH requirements are explained in detail.
We also conduct comprehensive education and training to ensure that our employees can work in a healthy and safe environment.
The results of our OSH management implementation and training are shown in the table below.
Each location has a Business Continuity Plan in place for safety, and regular disaster evacuation drills are conducted to ensure that all employees can correctly and quickly evacuate and respond to natural disasters or uncontrollable situations such as earthquakes, heavy rain, infectious diseases, etc.
In terms of hygiene, each location regularly conducts various tests on internal water dispensers to create a reassuring work environment, allowing employees to focus more on their work.
OSH management and implementation results Xiangshan Factory in Miaoli Name of program Program content Implementation status Follow-up action Maternal health protection program For female employees, from the day of pregnancy until 1 year after childbirth, Medtecs will provide The Xiangshan Factory reported 1 case in 2023 and classified it as level Conduct interviews and follow-up for maternal protection hazard assessment and control, physician counseling guidance, risk classification management, 1 follow-up management.
cases.
appropriate work arrangements, and other related measures.
Abnormal To prevent employees from developing diseases due to abnormal workloads, such as shift work, night The Xiangshan Factory categorizes employee work conditions based Continuously provide health guidance to individual cases workload- induced disease prevention and management shifts, and long hours, we provide health management measures.
This is to prevent workers from on risk levels.
and include high and moderate-risk groups in the follow-up program developing neurological and cardiovascular diseases due to excessive fatigue, and to achieve early High risk: 1 person list.
detection and treatment, ensuring the physical and mental health of relevant workers.
Moderate risk: 7 people, provided with health guidance, reassessment after six months Low risk: 51 people, provided with health guidance Human factor hazard prevention program To prevent employees from experiencing musculoskeletal symptoms with a score greater than 3 on the Two people have scores greater than 3, and counseling sessions for In April 2023, a seminar on preventing occupational hazards scale due to repetitive tasks, we arrange counseling sessions for consultation and guidance, and consultation and guidance were arranged.
and promoting health was arranged, with a total of 7 continue to monitor and care for 82 workers.
This includes assessing hardware designs that are not participants.
suitable, improper work postures, or excessively long working hours that may lead to work-related musculoskeletal injuries and occupational hazards, and implementing relevant improvement measures.
Program for preventing unlawful harm in the workplace Employees are protected from physical or mental harm caused by the actions of others while performing There were no unlawful harm incidents at the Xiangshan Factory in The team leaders at the Xiangshan Factory fill out hazard their duties.
Necessary safety and health measures are planned and implemented to safeguard 2023.
identification forms and regularly monitor unlawful harm employees  physical and mental well-being.
incidents.
67 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Overview of OSH Education and Training respond during various types of emergencies or disasters.
These measures are implemented to prioritise Employees of the Company are required to undergo occupational safety and health-related education and the well-being and safety of everyone in the workplace.
training.
The training statistics for the reporting period are as follows: Pay attention to the following aspects to ensure factory environmental hygiene: Operating site Name of training Total number of people who received training Taiwan Supervisor Training Information 3 1.
Cleanliness of the workplace Fire and Self-Defense Team Training 99 2.
Waste disposal Infection Control Education and Training 107 3.
Water supply or drainage facilities Emergency First Aid and CPR 31 Work Injury Risk Awareness, Prevention, Remediation, and Case Studies: 59 4.
Cleanliness of toilets Knowledge of Hazardous Areas within the Factory 5.
Ventilation and lighting equipment Factory Operation Risk Awareness, Prevention, and Remediation 31 6.
Drinking water and washing facilities Work Injury Case Studies 214 Hospital and Factory Inspection Checklist Joint Discussion 33 Occupational Safety and Health Education Training: Four Major Programs 30 By implementing appropriate hazard controls, we reduce the various potential risks that may exist in the Cambodia Work Injury Prevention Education and Training 81 workplace.
We also conduct regular health and safety inspections, practicing hazard identification, assessment, Philippines Fire Safety Training 21 and control processes to ensure hazard control.
It's important to verify that the hazard control measures being Basic Knowledge of Occupational Safety and Health 12 implemented are being correctly used.
Occupational Safety Officer Education and Training 1 Gas Safety Seminar 1 For office workspaces, each location s Human Resources & Administration Department is responsible for Accident Prevention Seminar 2 conducting regular inspections of equipment to ensure that lighting, drinking water quality, indoor temperature, Fire Safety Seminar 2 and air quality are all safe.
Relevant epidemic prevention measures are also continuously adjusted and Basic First Aid: CPR and AED 1 implemented.
The Group provides protective equipment such as protective clothing, shoe covers, bouffant caps, face masks, and alcohol disinfectant dispensers free of charge to employees as needed.
Additionally, regular emergency evacuation and fire drills are scheduled for employees, and frontline workers undergo Workplace Hazard Control annual health checkups, including healthcare workers under the leasing agreements and employees in various laundry facilities.
Ensuring the health, safety, and environment of the workplace is a shared responsibility between us and our customers.
Medtecs must ensure that all reasonable measures are taken to protect workers from harm and The Group also rolled out the 7S program across the entire group.
Every month, the status of implementation illness, and help employees develop a strong safety awareness so they can swiftly take effective and at each location is reviewed, and specific actions and training in occupational safety and health are appropriate actions in emergency situations, minimising the impact on life, property, production, and corporate disseminated.
The Internal Control Department is responsible for checking the effectiveness of the activities to image.
ensure that employees have a better understanding of relevant issues and are better equipped for prevention and precautionary measures.
We carry out the following hazard controls in the workplace: 1.
Engineering controls: e.g., earth fault circuit breakers, machine guarding, safety interlocks.
Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment 2.
Administrative controls: work procedures, safe working practices, rules.
The Company's OSH Committee conducts comprehensive assessments and strives for continuous 3.
PPE: ear plugs, face shields and chemical resistant gloves.
improvement to provide the most comfortable environment for employees.
An annual safety and health plan, 4.
Accident investigation: We conduct thorough investigations to determine the causes of accidents and along with an emergency disaster response plan, is established at our operating site in Taiwan.
These plans address specific disasters such as floods, fires, earthquakes, and typhoons to reduce injuries.
The Company analyze the necessary control measures to prevent recurrence.
also organises employee grouping and drills in advance to ensure quick and effective disaster response.
5.
Emergency action plans and fire-fighting procedures have been established to ensure the safety of Manufacturing and laundry units must prepare disaster handling training in accordance with government employees.
Multiple plans are visibly posted in each work area, indicating the precise locations of regulations and ensure that related equipment is ready for use during emergencies to minimize injuries.
Given that various equipment has a limited lifespan, regular inspections are conducted to assess usability, and emergency exits, fire-fighting equipment, medicine cabinets, and contact information for emergency equipment is labeled accordingly.
If equipment reaches its expiration date, it should be used for training personnel.
Furthermore, standardized operating procedures are in place to guide employees on how to purposes during disaster handling training sessions for employees.
68 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Risk Assessment and Response Measures at the Longde Factory In addition, to enhance the productivity of employees, reduce accidents and losses, and actively promote Based on the relevant facilities within the factory that may cause personnel injuries, an assessment of the environmental protection by minimising various forms of pollution, thus maintaining Medtecs  reputation and potential risks and the consequences of these risks is conducted.
A case study is created in the form of a table, social image, the Company has established equipment maintenance operations, safety and health outlining methods to reduce the risk and noting precautions to be taken.
In safety education and during work, management operations, and laundry management operations.
The procedures include production and leased reminders are given regarding the risks of electric shock, falling, entanglement, burns, and impact.
This laundry equipment maintenance plans, production and leased laundry equipment fault repair operations, process is executed by personnel holding the certificate of class-1 manager for occupational safety and health management guidelines and responsibilities, safety inspection records, hygiene and health checkups, disaster affairs.
For chemicals, hazard identification cards are created, and hazardous substances are clearly labeled.
prevention and handling, laundry management operations, laundry testing and non-conforming product control Suppliers are also requested to provide information on the relevant chemical substances, which is compiled operations, soiled laundry reception and sorting operations, laundry testing operations, laundry completion into a booklet for reference.
Proper isolation measures are taken around chemical areas to ensure safety.
testing operations, and non-conforming product control operations.
The Company's environmental pollution measurement and control work are carried out in accordance with the regulations of the Occupational Safety and Health Act, Water Pollution Control Act, and Air Pollution Control Act.
Through these operational standards, Incident Investigation we ensure the occupational safety of our employees.
In the event of a disaster, on-site employees should handle the situation nearby and simultaneously notify supervisors at all levels.
Depending on the situation, they should issue alerts or report to relevant government Risk Assessment and Response Measures at the Xiangshan Factory agencies.
During handling, efforts should be made to minimise the extent of loss to life and property.
The safety and health management unit should thoroughly document the handling process, on-site evidence, and conduct We regularly identify and analyse potential or previously occurred hazards in various work processes, a root cause analysis for review, aiming to prevent recurrence and formulate preventive measures.
Following equipment, operations, and locations, and assess the severity, probability, control costs, and degree of control the internal control system for safety and health management operations, the safety and health management of these hazards.
We also develop control measures based on hazard identification assessment, analyse unit comprehensively oversees all safety and health-related tasks within the Company.
This includes planning, various hazards or abnormal conditions, and formulate management plans to control them one by one.
coordinating, promoting, guiding, and educating various units on safety and health matters, ensuring that each Work Processes unit effectively conducts safety inspections and equipment maintenance operations.
Establish standard operating procedures for garment/scrubs collection and delivery, soiled laundry sorting, washing, clean ironing, packaging, and other work processes.
Incorporate these operating standards into the work rules.
Develop and revise the major accident reporting process and conduct disaster emergency response drills.
General Incident Reporting Process Major Incident Reporting Process Equipment   Each machinery, equipment, and tool has a dedicated keeper responsible for its management.
The tools are stored in designated locations and are maintained in a usable condition.
Operations   Carry out the distribution and automatic inspection of PPE, as well as the related maintenance, upkeep, replacement, and updates.
Conduct safety assessments before carrying out operations for various projects.
Clearly specify in procurement contracts the occupational safety and health requirements that contractors must comply with, including conducting safety and health training for contracted operations.
Operation Areas   Create hazard labels; update material safety data sheets and hazardous substance lists; review and revise hazard labels and general education plans; collect hazard information for regulated hazardous substances and hazardous material labeling and general education rules.
Conduct environmental measurements in chemical and physical operation areas.
Carry out regular inspections, focused inspections, and operation checkpoints according to the occupational safety and health Management Regulations.
Monthly site inspections are conducted, and safety and health audits are carried out from time to time in the workplace.
Occupational safety and health Promotion   Conduct general safety and health education and training, hazard labeling, and general education training for new employees.
Regularly conduct on-the-job safety and health education and training.
Assign personnel to participate in on- the-job training for supervisors and managers of safety and health unit.
Strengthen the implementation of safety and health promotion activities.
Compile information on the implementation of safety and health management matters in the workplace.
Post notices on the Work Safety and Health Bulletin Board.
Set up an employee rest area.
Develop measures to ensure safety for the entry and exit of laundry delivery vehicles within the factory premises.
69 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Health Promotion To safeguard employees  safety and well-being, the Company enhances healthcare for employees, and Region Taiwan Philippines Cambodia implements prevention measures for occupational diseases.
In accordance with safety and health Gender Female Male Total Female Male Total Female Male Total management procedures, the Company conducts regular health checkups for employees, and based on the (A) Number of injured 7 2 9 0 2 2 65 16 81 health checkup reports, it improves health management appropriately.
Frontline staff undergo annual health Occupational persons checkups, including employees in contracted hospitals and laundry factory workers in various regions.
Office accident (B) Number of fatalities 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 employees also undergo annual health checkups, with specific tests added for employees over 50 years old.
In 2023, a total of 54 office employees participated in the health checkups.
(C) Number of severe occupational 0 0 0 0 0 0 11 0 11 injuries in the injured persons Occupational Injuries and Occupational Diseases (D) Total number of employees 297 214 511 193 207 400 2,054 492 2,546 The table below shows the occupational injuries of employees in each factory of the Group.
The number of (E) Total number of occupational 7 2 9 0 2 2 65 16 81 occupational injuries for non-employees is zero, and both employees and non-employees have no cases of injuries (=A+B) occupational diseases.
Most of the occupational injuries suffered by employees are due to operational carelessness.
In the future, there will be a stronger focus on education and training for equipment operation, (F) Total work hours (=D*8*T) 589,248 424,576 1,013,824 489,448 524,952 1,014,400 4,798,064 1,149,312 5,947,456 as well as procedures for handling injuries if they occur, to minimise potential harm to employees.
(G) Occupational injury rate 2.38 0.94 1.78 0 0.76 0.39 2.71 2.78 2.72 In 2023, Medtecs Group s occupational injuries were primarily related to its subsidiary in Cambodia, with 71 (=E/F*200,000) cases of needle injuries to fingers during sewing operations and 10 cases of falling accidents.
Additionally, at the Bataan factory in the Philippines, there was 1 case of injury due to falling and 1 case due to slipping.
Apart (H) Severe occupational injury rate 0 0 0 0 0 0 0.46 0 0.37 from these incidents, there were no other major occupational injuries reported.
Following the accidents, (=C/F*200,000) relevant personnel held meetings to analyse the incidents and prevent similar ones from happening in the future.
They actively implemented improvements in operations.
In the Cambodia facility, 81 injured employees (I) Total absent days 1,421.5 648.5 2,070 0 11 11 884 50 934 received training on occupational injury prevention, whereas the Philippines facility conducted workplace inspections and promoted the use of appropriate PPE.
Warning signs were also posted for machinery and (J) Total person-days (=D*T) 73,656 53,072 126,728 61,181 65,619 126,800 599,768 143,66 743,432 facilities with higher risks.
(K) Absence rate (=I/Jx100%) 1.93% 1.22% 1.63% 0 0.02% 0.01% 0.15% 0.03% 0.13% (L) Number of working days lost 202 85 287 0 11 11 144 20 164 (M) Rate of working days lost 68.56 40.04 56.62 0 4.19 2.17 6 3.48 5.51 (L/F*200,000) Falls: 3 cases, Traffic accidents: 5 Falls: 10 cases, Needle injuries: 71 Occupational accident types Falls: 1 case, Slips: 1 case cases, Crush injuries: 1 case cases 70 71 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Community Engagement Goals In today's world, where we've learned to coexist with COVID-19, PPE has become a daily necessity.
As a global leader in PPE manufacturing, Medtecs is committed to safeguarding the health and safety of people worldwide.
We remain attentive to the needs of communities and institutions, donating substantial quantities of pandemic prevention supplies to both local and international organizations in need, thereby helping to protect public health.
Moreover, in line with sustainability and environmental trends, Medtecs regularly partners with non-governmental organizations (NGOs) to host internal seminars.
We encourage our employees to embrace their roles as global citizens by actively participating in volunteer activities.
Through these initiatives, we aim to foster a sense of social responsibility and contribute positively to the communities we serve.
Community Engagement Goals The Group has set short, medium, and long-term goals for community engagement, aiming to combine its core business and continuously invest resources to create a greater social impact.
Timeline Explanation Related actions Intergenerational health care Enhance medical assistance and health education for children and older adults in rural areas.
Expand community engagement and increase employee participation rates, while Address the health needs and psychological well-being of vulnerable older adults.
Short-term (2024) participating in ESG forums to strengthen the dissemination of corporate sustainability Collaborate with NGOs to promote employee participation in volunteer activities, fostering deep connections with vulnerable older adults.
These activities include regular initiatives.
visits and health seminars on topics such as prevention and knowledge sharing about Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease.
Sponsor nutritious lunches for children in rural areas, ensuring they receive adequate nutrition for healthy growth.
Integrate health education into school curriculums through collaboration with schools, covering topics such as personal hygiene and disease prevention.
Promote Home-based Care for Older Adults: In collaboration with reputable business partners, we will provide professional long-term care services to support home- based care for older adults.
Provide support and resources for families who want to care for elders at home, such as family caregiving guidance and assistance services.
Collaborate with local governments and community organisations to integrate and provide various resources and services for Home-based Care for Older Adults.
Nurturing the Future Deepen Medtecs  connection with the community by establishing sustainable community Scholarship programs for children in rural areas, including mentorship programs, career guidance, and other academic support.
programs to promote sustainability initiatives in environmental protection, education, health, Medium-term (2025 2029) and other areas.
Expand support for education, including providing scholarships and Sustaining the Earth organising professional training to promote social development.
Collaborate with environmental organisations to carry out activities such as tree planting, and forest and beach cleanups.
Community Empowerment Establish rapid response teams at each operating site, focusing on supporting local donation activities.
The teams can mobilize quickly to assist local communities affected by natural disasters or emergencies.
They can also provide essential supplies and training for community healthcare personnel.
Community Empowerment Establish global sustainable development partnerships and collaborate with various parties Long-term support and promotion of health-related charitable organisations.
to address global challenges such as health inequality and environmental sustainability.
Implement fair labor policies, providing fair treatment to all employees.
Respect labor rights, such as appropriate working hours, a safe working environment, and Long-term (2030) Also, establish a comprehensive community engagement performance indicator system to compliance with domestic and international labor regulations.
regularly assess the Company s performance in the area of social responsibility, ensuring Actively participate in public health advocacy: Participate in or initiate public health projects and initiatives, especially those targeting community health issues.
the realization of sustainable development.
Collaborate with government organisations, non-governmental organisations, and communities to provide health education and preventive medical services to enhance overall community health.
72 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Community Engagement Efforts In 2023, Medtecs  community engagement project was divided into four Philippines Cambodia major areas: Medical Support, Intergenerational Health Care, Philippines Dental Association Local schools Community Empowerment, and Green Action.
Medtecs donated 10,000 face masks Medtecs donated 90 reflective vests to for the annual convention of the crossing guards at three schools to help Medical Support Philippines Dental Association.
ensure students  safety when crossing Taiwan the road after school.
Lotung Poh-Ai Hospital Hospitals and schools The hospital held two blood drives Medtecs recognises the crucial role of Philippines in March and July 2023, and comfort and cleanliness during the Montanosa Community Outreach Program Medtecs responded by donating recovery process; therefore, the We collaborated with local organisations 50,000 and 80,000 medical face Company donated clothing to and leaders to donate supplies to masks, respectively, as gifts for hospitals and blankets to schools.
children from multiple tribes in Mountain blood donors.
Province.
Medtecs provided face masks, benefiting over 400 students.
Health Care Tungs  Taichung MetroHarbor Hospital Taiwan The hospital organised the 2023 Tungs  Taichung MetroHarbor Hospital Helping welfare organisations and charitable groups Community Empowerment International Conference Series (TICS 2023): The Future of Integrative Despite the waning impact of UroTech, which included a charity road race event.
Medtecs donated the pandemic, many small- Cambodia 20,000 face masks as gifts in the race kits.
The road race attracted scale charitable organisations Cambodian Red Cross approximately 400 participants, including healthcare professionals and continued to need protective Medtecs has been medical supplies vendors, providing an opportunity for Medtecs to supplies.
donating US$100,000 effectively promote its brand and products to medical-related entities.
annually to the In response, Medtecs donated Cambodian Red Cross.
over 500,000 units of supplies, Charity Pink Run In addition to our including medical face masks, face shields, NBR nitrile gloves, cleaning In response to International Breast Cancer Prevention Month, a charity annual pledges, we alcohol, anti-bacterial wipes, and leak-proof sheets, to eight social run was organised by Marie Claire.
Medtecs raised brand awareness by also donated welfare organisations and charitable groups.
Recipients included the distributing samples and engaging with attendees, donating 300 packs US$20,000 to the local Syin-Lu Social Welfare Foundation, Mennonite of OMO acne patches, and 600 elite masks.
The event had a total of 454 Kampong Cham Red Social Welfare Foundation, and Chao-Hsing Social online participants, 4,895 offline participants, and 116 offline public Cross to actively Welfare Foundation, which care for individuals with relations The Medtecs brand logo was prominently displayed at the contribute to improving the lives of Cambodian people, and for a fair and physical and mental disabilities, as well as the event venue, and all sample products were successfully distributed just global labor environment.
Huashan Foundation, which supports vulnerable during the event, reaching older adults.
This initiative benefitted over 1,000 nearly 1,000 people.
This Philippines people, demonstrating our ongoing commitment to initiative highlights our Philippine National Police community support and social responsibility commitment to community To support the Philippine National health and well-being, Police, Medtecs donated 50 sets of Residents in remote areas reinforcing our dedication to protective clothing, pandemic kits, and In the first half of 2023, Medtecs social responsibility.
gloves to the Makati City Police Station.
collaborated with Taipei Medical University to donate Medtecs brand shower caps to the university s dental hygiene service team.
This team provides dental check-ups in remote areas, promoting the overall health of community residents.
73 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Sustaining the Earth New Taipei City Cianshuei Bay Beach Clean-up Since 2022, the Group has provided one day of paid volunteer leave every quarter.
In 2023, the Company organised an employee beach cleanup event, with approximately 30 employees, representing 8.2% of the total workforce, participating.
The volunteers contributed a total of 172 service hours, equivalent to NT$45,033 in paid volunteer leave.
During the event, they collected around 100 kg of trash, showcasing our commitment to environmental sustainability and community involvement.
Cambodia Schools, police stations, and district governments To promote environmental protection, Medtecs recycled containers into 50 recycling bins and provided them to the community, schools, police stations, and district governments for use.
Safeguarding Every Tomorrow Past social responsibility efforts 74 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Community Engagement Overview Philippines: Top Community Building Champion Award, received as recognition for the donation of medical products and related basic supplies to local communities and schools.
Medtecs attaches great importance to community engagement.
From 2020 to the present, the cumulative amount invested in social participation has reached near USD 3 million.
In 2023, cash donations also amounted to USD 137,585.
Our other types of community engagement are as follows: Community engagement and investment in 2023 In-Kind donations US$ 36,814 Cash donations US$ 137,585 Total Volunteer costs US$175,866 US$ 1,467 Note: Volunteer costs are estimated based on volunteer service hours.
Donations since 2020 2023 SINCE 2020 US$175,866 US$2,889,660 2023 Donation Breakdown Medical face Alcohol spray/ masks Gloves wet wipes Cash Others (PPE) 242,950 116,100 3,785 US$ 137,585 1,450 75 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Appendix Appendix 1: GRI Content (GRI Standards) Index Sustainable Governance and 2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy 9 Strategy Medtecs International Corporation Limited has prepared the Report following the GRI Standards.
2-23 Policy commitments Human Rights 52-53 Statement of use The reporting period covers FY2023 (from January 1, 2023, to December 31, 2023).
Corporate Governance 16 GRI 1 used GRI 1: Foundation 2021 GRI 2: General 2-24 Embedding policy commitments Sustainable Supply Chain 33 Applicable GRI sector standards No applicable GRI sector standards Disclosures Human Rights 52 GRI 2 General Disclosures 2021 2021 2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts Human Rights 53 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising Corresponding section Page Omission/ 2-26 Human Rights 53 GRI Standards Index GRI Standards disclosure concerns in the Report number Remarks 2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations Integrity Management 18 2-1 Organisational details About Medtecs 7 2-28 Membership associations Appendix 4 79 Entities included in the organisation s 2-2 About This Report 4 GRI 2: General Identification of Material Topics and GRI 2: General sustainability reporting 2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement 14 Disclosures Stakeholder Engagement Disclosures 2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point About This Report 4 2021 2-30 Collective bargaining agreements Human Rights 53 2021 2-4 Restatements of information About This Report 4 About This Report 4 GRI 3 Material Topic Disclosure 2021 2-5 External assurance Appendix 5 80 Inde Corresponding section in the Page Omission/ Activities, value chain and other business GRI Standards GRI Standards disclosure GRI 2: General 2-6 About Medtecs 7 x Report number Remarks relationships Disclosures Identification of Material Topics 10 2-7 Employees Talent Attraction and Retention 55 3-1 Process to determine material topics 2021 and Stakeholder Engagement 2-8 Workers who are not employees Talent Attraction and Retention 55 GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Identification of Material Topics 11-13 3-2 List of material topics 2-9 Governance structure and composition Corporate Governance 16 and Stakeholder Engagement Nomination and selection of the highest Material Topic: Integrity Governance 2-10 Corporate Governance 16 governance body GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics Integrity Management 17 2-11 Chair of the highest governance body Corporate Governance 16 Operations assessed for risks related to Sustainable Governance and 9 205-1 Integrity Management 18-19 Role of the highest governance body in corruption 2-12 Strategy overseeing the management of impacts GRI 205: Anti-corruption Communication and training about anti- Corporate Governance 16 205-2 Integrity Management 18-19 2016 corruption policies and procedures 2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts Corporate Governance 16 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions Sustainable Governance and 9 205-3 Integrity Management 18-19 Role of the highest governance body in taken 2-14 Strategy sustainability reporting GRI 206: Anti-competitive Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, Corporate Governance 16 206-1 Integrity Management 18 GRI 2: General Behavior 2016 anti-trust, and monopoly practices 2-15 Conflicts of interest Corporate Governance 16 Disclosures Operating Strategy and Identification of Material Topics and 207-1 Approach to tax 21 2021 2-16 Communication of critical concerns 10-13 Performance Stakeholder Engagement Tax governance, control, and risk Operating Strategy and Collective knowledge of the highest governance 207-2 21 2-17 Corporate Governance 16 management Performance body GRI 207: Tax 2019 Stakeholder engagement and Operating Strategy and Evaluation of the performance of the highest 207-3 21 2-18 Corporate Governance 16 management of concerns related to tax Performance governance body Operating Strategy and 2-19 Remuneration policies Corporate Governance 16 207-4 Country-by- country reporting 21 Performance 2-20 Process to determine remuneration Corporate Governance 16 GRI 405: Diversity and Equal The highest Diversity of governance bodies and Corporate Governance 16 Opportunity 405-1 annual total employees Talent Attraction and Retention 55 2-21 Annual total compensation ratio Omitted - compensation 2016 is confidential Material Topic: Product Innovation and Sustainability information.
76 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Product and Service 306-5 Waste directed to disposal Waste Management 50 GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 26 Innovation Material Topic: Talent Attraction and Retention Product and Service Customized Topic - 26-27 GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics Talent Attraction and Retention 54 Innovation Material Topic: Product Quality and Safety 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover Talent Attraction and Retention 56 GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics Quality Management 28 Benefits provided to full-time employees that GRI 401: Employment 2016 401-2 are not provided to temporary or part-time Salaries and Benefits 62 Assessment of the health and safety impacts 416-1 Quality Management 29 employees of product and service categories GRI 416 Customer Health 401-3 Paternity leave Salaries and Benefits 63 Incidents of non- compliance concerning the and Safety 2016 416-2 health and safety impacts of products and Quality Management 29 GRI 402: Labor/Management Minimum notice periods regarding operational 402-1 Human Rights 53 services Relations 2016 changes Material Topic: Product Marketing and Information Labeling Material Topic: Talent Training and Development Talent Training and GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics Quality Management 28 GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 57-58 Development Requirements for product and service 417-1 Quality Management 31 Average hours of training per year per Talent Training and information and labeling 404-1 59 employee Development GRI 417: Marketing and Incidents of non- compliance concerning 417-2 Quality Management 31 GRI 404: Training and Programs for upgrading employee skills and Labeling 2016 product and service information and labeling 404-2 Salaries and Benefits 62 Education 2016 transition assistance programs Incidents of non- compliance concerning 417-3 Quality Management 31 Percentage of employees receiving regular Talent Training and marketing communications 404-3 60 performance and career development reviews Development Material Topic: Sustainable Supply Chain Material Topic: Occupational Safety and Health GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics Sustainable Supply Chain 32 Occupational Safety and GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 65-66 GRI 204: Procurement Health Practices 204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers Sustainable Supply Chain 35 Occupational safety and health Occupational Safety and 2016 403-1 67 management system Health Material Topic: GHG Emissions Hazard identification, risk assessment, and Occupational Safety and 403-2 67-69 Climate Change Strategy and incident investigation Health GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics 39 Management Occupational Safety and 403-3 Occupational health services 67 Climate Change Strategy and Health 305-4 GHG emissions intensity 43 Management Worker participation, consultation, and Occupational Safety and Emissions of ozone-depleting substances Climate Change Strategy and 403-4 communication on occupational safety and Health 67 305-6 43 (ODS) Management health Nitrogen oxides (NO ), sulfur oxides (SO ), Climate Change Strategy and Worker training on occupational safety and Occupational Safety and X X 305-7 43 403-5 68 and other significant air emissions Management health Health GRI 403: Occupational Material Topic: Water Management Occupational Safety and Safety and Health 2018 403-6 Promotion of worker health 67 Health GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics Water Management 45 Identification of Material Topics Management of water discharge- related Prevention and mitigation of Occupational 13 303-2 Water Management 46 and Stakeholder Engagement impacts 403-7 safety and health impacts directly linked Occupational Safety and 303-5 Water consumption Water Management 46 by business relationships 67-69 Health Material Topic: Waste Management Workers covered by an occupational safety Occupational Safety and 403-8 67 and health management system Health GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics Waste Management 48 Occupational Safety and Waste generation and significant waste- 403-9 Work-related injuries 70 306-1 Waste Management 49 Health related impacts 403- Occupational Safety and Management of significant waste-related Work-related ill health 70 GRI 306: Waste 2020 306-2 Waste Management 49 10 Health impacts 306-3 Waste generated Waste Management 49 306-4 Waste diverted from disposal Waste Management 50 77 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Appendix 2: SASB Content Index Appendix 3: Climate-related Information of Listed Companies Corresponding Page Remarks Category Topic Code Metric Item Corresponding section in the report Page number Section number Ratio of weighted average rate of net price 1.
Describe the oversight and governance of climate-related risks and Product and Service Climate Change Strategy and Management 40 HC-MS-240a.
1 increases (for all products) to the annual 27 opportunities by the Board of Directors and management.
Innovation Affordability & increase in the U.S. Consumer Price Index 2.
Describe how identified climate risks and opportunities affect the business, Pricing Description of how price information for Climate Change Strategy and Management 42 strategy, and finances of the enterprise in the short, medium, and long term.
HC-MS-240a.
2 each product is disclosed to customers or Customer Relations 36 to their agents 3.
Describe the financial impacts of extreme weather events and transformation Climate Change Strategy and Management 42 Number of recalls issued, total units actions.
HC-MS-250a.
1 Quality Management 29 recalled 4.
Describe how the identification, assessment, and management process of List of products listed in the FDA s Climate Change Strategy and Management 40-41 climate risks are integrated into the overall risk management system.
HC-MS-250a.
2 MedWatch Safety Alerts for Human Medical Quality Management 29 Products database 5.
If scenario analysis is used to evaluate resilience to climate change risks, Product Safety Number of fatalities related to products as explain the scenarios, parameters, assumptions, analysis factors, and major Climate Change Strategy and Management 40, 42 HC-MS-250a.
3 reported in the FDA Manufacturer and User Quality Management 29 financial impacts used.
Facility Device Experience Number of FDA enforcement actions taken 6.
If there is a transformation plan to manage climate-related risks, describe the HC-MS-250a.
4 in response to violations of current Good Quality Management 29 plan, indicators, and targets used to identify and manage physical and transition Climate Change Strategy and Management 40-41 Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), by type risks.
Total amount of monetary losses as a result 7.
If internal carbon pricing is used as a planning tool, explain the basis for price HC-MS-270a.
1 of legal proceedings associated with false Quality Management 31 -   Ethical determination.
marketing claims Marketing Description of code of ethics governing Not Sustainability HC-MS-270a.
2 - - promotion of off-label use of products applicable Accounting Discussion of process to assess and 8.
If climate-related goals are set, describe the activities, GHG emissions scope, Standards manage environmental and human health planning period, annual progress, and, if carbon offsets or renewable energy Climate Change Strategy and Management 43 HC-MS-410a.
1 considerations associated with chemicals in Quality Management 30 certificates (RECs) are used to achieve the goals, explain the source and Product Design products, and meet demand for sustainable quantity of carbon offsets or RECs.
& Lifecycle products Management Total amount of products accepted for take- back and reused, recycled or donated, HC-MS-410a.
2 Waste Management 49 9.
Inventory and verification of GHG emissions.
Climate Change Strategy and Management 42 broken down by: (1) devices and equipment and (2) supplies Percentage of (1) entity's facilities and (2) Tier I suppliers' facilities participating in HC-MS-430a.
1 Quality Management 29 third-party audit programs for Supply Chain manufacturing and product quality Management Description of efforts to maintain traceability Sustainable Supply HC-MS-430a.
2 32-35 within the distribution chain Chain Description of the management of risks Sustainable Supply HC-MS-430a.
3 33 associated with the use of critical materials Chain Total amount of monetary losses as a result HC-MS-510a.
1 of legal proceedings associated with bribery Integrity Management 19 Business or corruption Ethics Description of code of ethics governing HC-MS-510a.
2 Integrity Management 18-19 interactions with health care professionals Activity Metric - HC-MS-000.
A Number of units sold by product category About Medtecs 7 78 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Appendix 4: Participation in Associations In addition to focusing on our core business, the Group actively participates in various organisations and associations.
By exchanging ideas with peer groups, we not only enhance our development capacity but also maintain good relationships with other companies, gaining insights for the Company's future direction.
The organisations and associations the Group is a member of in 2023 are shown in the following table: Industry associations, other member associations and national or international advocacy organisations Membership Qualification Chinese International Economic Cooperation Association (CIECA) Taiwan Technical Textiles Association Taiwan Textile Federation The Chinese National Association of Industry and Commerce, Taiwan (CNAIC) Taipei Medical Instruments Commercial Association Miaoli County Industrial Association Miaoli County Laundry Business Association Importers and Exporters Association of Taipei (IEAT) Institute for Biotechnology and Medicine Industry (IBMI) Member Taipei Garment Business Association Taipei Listed Company Association PHILEXPORT Chinese National Association of Industry and Commerce Taiwan Women on Boards Association Textile Apparel, Footwear & Travel Good Association in Cambodia Taiwan Sustainable Development Association Confederation of Philippine Manufacturers of PPE Suppliers Ethical Data Exchange, SEDEX Textile Apparel, Footwear & Travel Good Association in Cambodia Taiwan Sustainable Development Association Founding Member Confederation of Philippine Manufacturers of PPE 79 Introduction Sustainable Operations and Value Environmental Diversity in the Community Appendix Development Governance Innovation Sustainability Workplace Empowerment Appendix 5: Limited Assurance Report 80 81
