COMMITTED TO CARE DEDICATED TO HEALTH ANNUAL REPORT 2023 COMMITTED CONTENTS TO CARE 01 22 DEDICATED Corporate Profile Our Presence TO HEALTH 02 24 Our Journey At a Glance In 2023, OUE Healthcare Limited 04 40 underwent a corporate rebranding, unveiled its inaugural joint venture Our Approach 3-Year Financial Highlights hospital in Changshu, Jiangsu, 06 China, and acquired a significant 41 Chairman s Statement stake in Healthway Medical Sustainability Report 09 Corporation Limited, a reputable 71 CEO s Statement medical group in Singapore.
These Corporate Governance, developments paved the way for 14 Financial Statements & Other Information OUE Healthcare to advance in its Board of Directors mission to provide exemplary care 29 in the communities it serves.
Key Executive This Annual Report has been reviewed by the Company s sponsor, PrimePartners Corporate Finance Pte.
Ltd. (the  Sponsor ).
It has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this Annual Report, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this Annual Report.
The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms. Foo Jien Jieng, 16 Collyer Quay, #10-00 Collyer Quay Centre, Singapore 049318, sponsorship@ppcf.com.
sg.
ABOUT OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED Listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ( SGX-ST ), OUE Healthcare In Myanmar, OUEH holds a 40% stake in the joint venture Limited ( OUEH  or the  Company , and together with its companies that own and operate medical facilities in subsidiaries, the  Group ) is a regional healthcare group Myanmar that are branded as Pun Hlaing Hospitals.
with an extensive network of healthcare businesses across fast-growing markets in Asia.
Headquartered in Singapore, OUEH is also the sponsor and the largest unitholder of First OUEH currently owns, operates and invests in healthcare Real Estate Investment Trust ( First REIT ), Singapore s businesses in Singapore, China, Myanmar, Indonesia and first listed healthcare real estate investment trust, where it Japan.
OUEH is a subsidiary company of OUE Limited ( OUE ).
directly owns approximately 33% of First REIT, as well as a 40% stake in the manager of First REIT.
In Singapore, OUEH has, through its joint venture company with OUE ( OUE JV ), partnered with three medical specialist OUEH continually seeks to grow its healthcare businesses groups to own O2 Healthcare Group, a group of lung via its three-pronged strategy in developing strategic specialists in respiratory care and cardiothoracic surgeries.
partnerships, adopting an asset-light approach and This medical partnership enables OUEH to build on and growing its presence in Asia.
expand its regional healthcare business ecosystem anchored on high medical standards in Singapore.
OUEH holds a 60% OUE, listed on the Mainboard of the SGX-ST, is a diversified stake in OUE JV, which in turn holds 60% of O2 Healthcare real estate owner, developer and operator with a portfolio Group.
located in prime locations in Asia.
OUE consistently grows its business by leveraging its brands and proven expertise OUEH also owns approximately 26% of Healthway Medical in developing and managing landmark assets across the Corporation Limited, a respected medical group in Singapore commercial, hospitality, retail, and residential sectors.
with over 130 clinics.
In 2017, OUE expanded its portfolio into the healthcare sector with the acquisition of OUEH, and this was followed In China, OUEH operates a general hospital, Wuxi Lippo Xi by the acquisition of First REIT Management Limited, the Nan Hospital ( Xi Nan Hospital ), in Wuxi, Jiangsu, as well as manager of First REIT jointly with OUEH in 2018.
In 2019, OUE a pharmaceutical trading business.
The Company s 50:50 expanded into the consumer sector with OUE Restaurants.
joint venture company, China Merchants Lippo Hospital Management Limited ( CM Lippo ), operates Changshu In February 2018, ITOCHU Corporation ( ITOCHU ) took China Merchants-Lippo Obstetrics & Gynaecology Hospital a strategic stake in OUEH with the completion of a ( Changshu Hospital ), in Changshu, Jiangsu after it was placement of 562,500,000 new ordinary shares.
ITOCHU commissioned in May 2023.
CM Lippo will be commissioning is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange and is amongst its second and flagship hospital, Shenzhen China Merchants the largest and most diversified trading companies in the   Lippo Prince Bay Hospital ( Prince Bay Hospital ) in Shekou, world with presence in 63 countries.
Shenzhen in 2024.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 01 OUR JOURNEY 2018 2019 Welcomed ITOCHU Corporation as a strategic shareholder of OUEH Ventured into Myanmar s healthcare market via a Established strategic partnership with China joint venture with First Myanmar Investment Public Merchants Group and formed joint venture Company Limited to own, operate and manage company   China Merchants Lippo Hospital Pun Hlaing Hospitals in Myanmar Management (Shenzhen) Limited ( CM Lippo ) Acquired stakes in First REIT and its manager CM Lippo announced its intent to develop, operate and manage Shenzhen China Merchants - Lippo Prince Bay Hospital ( Prince Bay Hospital ) with China Merchants Group in Shenzhen, Guangdong, China Acquired full operating control of Wuxi Lippo Xi Nan Hospital in Wuxi, Jiangsu, China 2020 CM Lippo announced another hospital project - to operate Changshu China Merchants-Lippo Obstetrics & Gynaecology Hospital ( Changshu Hospital ) in Changshu, Jiangsu, China 02 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED 2021 Launched a strategic recapitalisation plan to convert shareholders  loans to perpetual securities Proposed the divestment of 12 nursing homes in Japan to First REIT 2022 Completed the divestment of 12 nursing homes in Japan to First REIT and increased direct holdings in First REIT to approximately 33% Forged a medical partnership with two leading respiratory specialist practices and one leading cardiothoracic surgery practice in Singapore, to form O2 Healthcare Group 2023 Partnered Chinese University of Commissioned the opening of Launched the delisting and Hong Kong for International Medical Changshu Hospital in Changshu, acquisition of Healthway Medical Centre in Prince Bay Hospital in Jiangsu, China Corporation in Singapore Shenzhen ANNUAL REPORT 2023 03 OUR APPROACH With the vision to be the trusted provider of choice in the VISION communities we serve, the Group strives to provide exemplary patient care through dedication to clinical excellence and by To be the trusted provider of choice fostering a healing environment where patients feel valued, in the communities we serve respected and supported throughout their healthcare journey, making a positive impact in their lives.
The Group has developed a three-pronged strategy of MISSION establishing strategic partnerships, focusing on asset-light businesses and expanding across Asia.
The three-pronged To provide exemplary patient care strategy is an overarching guide for the Group to strengthen through dedication to clinical excellence its healthcare business ecosystem as it continues to expand and by fostering a healing environment its healthcare network, solidify its healthcare presence and where patients feel valued, respected capitalise on healthcare opportunities.
and supported throughout their The Group believes in undertaking a systematic approach in healthcare journey, making a positive its pursuit to achieve business synergies and scalability, which impact in their lives.
includes competencies building, robust business planning and rigorous business execution.
GUIDED BY OUR THREE-PRONGED STRATEGY Strategic Asset-Light Expansion Partnerships Businesses across Asia BUILDING OUR ECOSYSTEM SYSTEMATICALLY BUILDING BUSINESS PLANNING BUSINESS SYNERGIES COMPETENCIES & EXECUTION & SCALABILITY   Corporate Business Management Model   Financial Management Hospital   Business Operations OUEH s Healthcare Management Business Ecosystem Clinical Market   Operations Service Plan Position Management 04 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED OUEH S HEALTHCARE BUSINESS ECOSYSTEM Capital Recycling Platform S$1.1 32 448,744 11.5 billion sqm Years Total AUM Properties Total GFA WALE * As at 31 December 2023 Medical Partnerships * * 12 13 Clinics Specialist Doctors * Thoracic & Cardiocascular Surgery Specialist and Kang Ning Cardiothoracic Surgery are two sub-brands under one medical group >130 Clinics * As at 31 December 2023 Hospital Operations OWN & OPERATE MODEL LEASE & OPERATE MODEL Wuxi Lippo Xi Nan Hospital Shenzhen China Merchants Changshu China Merchants Pun Hlaing Hospitals -Lippo Prince Bay Hospital -Lippo O&G Hospital Hlaing Tharyar, Yangon ANNUAL REPORT 2023 05 CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Dear Valued Shareholders, Against a mixed picture of recovery and volatility, OUE Healthcare Limited ( OUEH  or the  Company , and together with its subsidiaries, the  Group ) continued to pursue growth and capability-building during the financial year ended 31 December 2023 ( FY2023 ).
We remain sanguine over the medium to long term growth prospect of the healthcare industry in the markets we serve.
STRENGTHENING OUR REGIONAL HEALTHCARE ECOSYSTEM In order to build an integrated healthcare ecosystem centred on Singapore s medical excellence, the Group completed an exit offer and voluntary delisting of Healthway Medical Corporation Limited ( HMC ) in October 2023.
This pivotal move significantly strengthened the Group s foothold in the Singapore healthcare market with a network of over 130 clinics, offering potential synergies between Singapore clinics and overseas hospitals.
With the addition of HMC to our regional healthcare ecosystem, the Group now serves as a regional platform for vertical integration.
For instance, our O2 Healthcare Group, a respiratory and cardiothoracic specialist group, comprising 11 respiratory physicians and two cardiothoracic surgeons, could also provide a comprehensive spectrum of healthcare services both locally and regionally.
The region s rapid population growth, increasing health During the year, the Group also made significant progress in our operations in China.
We officially commissioned awareness and rising demand for the Changshu China Merchants   Lippo Obstetrics & quality healthcare services have Gynaecology Hospital ( Changshu Hospital ) in May 2023.
This high-end 100-bed hospital is Changshu s first private spurred significant developments obstetrics and gynaecology hospital.
It offers premium medical services and houses a confinement centre with in the healthcare space.
Coupled postpartum rehabilitative suites.
with the growing need for the In addition, we entered into a service agreement with the private healthcare system to Chinese University of Hong Kong to provide management complement the public healthcare consultancy services for an international medical centre in Lippo Prince Bay Hospital ( Prince Bay Hospital ) operated by sector, we remain confident that our joint venture company, China Merchants Lippo Hospital the healthcare landscape in the Management (Shenzhen) Limited ( CM Lippo ).
On track to region will continue to thrive and demonstrate resilience.
06 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED be commissioned in 2024, the 200-bed, high-end hospital will deliver premium specialist services and is positioned strategically in the Greater Bay Area to cater to the growing The Group remains committed affluent population.
to building a sustainable and EMBRACING THE FUTURE OF HEALTHCARE integrated healthcare business The region s rapid population growth, increasing health awareness and rising demand for quality healthcare ecosystem, anchored on services have spurred significant developments in the international best practices, healthcare space.
Coupled with the growing need for the private healthcare system to complement the public as we strive to be the trusted healthcare sector, we remain confident that the healthcare healthcare provider in the landscape in the region will continue to thrive and demonstrate resilience.
communities that we serve.
The Group remains committed to building a sustainable and integrated healthcare business ecosystem, anchored on international best practices, as we strive to be the trusted healthcare provider in the communities that we serve.
We will do so by forming collaborative partnerships, embracing innovation, and conscientiously building up new operating capabilities.
GRATITUDE AND APPRECIATION On behalf of the Board, I extend my heartfelt gratitude to all our shareholders for their support and confidence in the Group.
I would also like to thank the Board of Directors for their indispensable counsel and contributions.
In particular, I would like to thank Mr. Brian Riady, who stepped down as Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director of the Company, effective 2 January 2024, to assume other responsibilities within the OUE Group, for his invaluable contributions during his tenure.
On behalf of the Board, I would also like to warmly welcome Mr. Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman as Non- Independent and Non-Executive Director of the Company.
Lastly, I would like to express my deepest appreciation to our dedicated staff, strategic partners, and business associates for their unwavering support.
LEE YI SHYAN Chairman Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director ANNUAL REPORT 2023 07      2023                 2023 10   HMC         130         O2  11  2 O2                2023 5 100             Brian Riady 2024 1    2         200  Abram Melkyzedeck   Suhardiman   2024                          08 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED CEO S STATEMENT Dear Valued Shareholders, The global economy continues to grapple with geopolitical tensions, high interest rates, and persistent inflationary pressures, which have weighed on economic growth.
Despite expectations of a soft landing supported by moderating inflation and a gradual normalisation of global economic conditions, heightened uncertainties from ongoing geopolitical tensions and potential political risks associated with major elections in 2024, could lead to further downside risks.
Against this backdrop, OUE Healthcare Limited ( OUEH  or the  Company , and together with its subsidiaries, the  Group ) managed to deliver resilient results for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 ( FY2023 ) and made significant headway in growing our regional healthcare ecosystem.
ENTRENCHING OUR PRESENCE IN SINGAPORE To establish a regional healthcare platform anchored on Singapore s renowned medical standards and quality, the Group recognises that it needs to have a more profound presence in Singapore, on top of its team of leading lung specialists with expertise in cardiothoracic surgery, pulmonary medicine and intensive care ( O2 Healthcare Group ).
Consequently, the Group made the decision to acquire a strategic stake in Healthway Medical Corporation Limited ( HMC ), a reputable medical group with over 30 years of experience in Singapore s healthcare sector.
With the addition of HMC, Following the successful Exit Offer and Voluntary Delisting the Group is well-positioned of HMC, which was completed in October 2023, the Group currently holds approximately 26% of HMC.
to provide a comprehensive spectrum of healthcare services This has allowed the Group to significantly expand our healthcare network to approximately 130 healthcare to the region, anchored on facilities in Singapore, encompassing a comprehensive array of healthcare services covering primary, secondary, Singapore s high standards of and ancillary care, of which the HMC general practitioner medical excellence.
clinics are actively supporting the  Healthier SG  Initiative.
The  Healthier SG  programme, which promotes patient- centred preventive care, is expected to create new business opportunities within the private healthcare sector and the Group is strategically positioned to seize these emerging business opportunities.
With the addition of HMC, the Group is well-positioned to provide a comprehensive spectrum of healthcare services to the region, anchored on Singapore s high standards of medical excellence.
The Group could also achieve synergies through the expanded scale of its healthcare network, and progress is underway.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 09 CEO S STATEMENT FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS As part of its 2.0 Growth Strategy, First REIT continues to The Group achieved a revenue of S$159.3 million in FY2023, seek diversification into developed markets, focusing on a 33% increase compared to FY2022, due mainly to the the increasing demand for quality healthcare services in consolidation of a full year s results of First REIT and the these markets.
O2 Healthcare Group, which were acquired in March 2022 and July 2022 respectively.
The Group s China operations, Singapore Wuxi Lippo Xi Nan hospital ( Xi Nan Hospital ) and the China O2 Healthcare Group pharmaceutical distribution business, also reported higher The Group established its entry into Singapore in 2022 revenue as compared to FY2022.
with the formation of O2 Healthcare Group, a partnership with a group of 10 leading respiratory physicians and a Net profit after tax increased by 77% to S$57.5 million for cardiothoracic surgeon.
Since then, O2 Healthcare Group FY2023 due to the full year consolidation of the results of had grown to comprise 11 respiratory physicians and 2 First REIT and the O2 Healthcare Group, and net fair value cardiothoracic surgeons.
gains on investment properties.
Net profit attributable to the owners of the Company stood at S$8.0 million for FY2023 The O2 Healthcare Group recorded robust revenue and net compared to S$4.4 million for FY2022.
profit growth in FY2023 and will continue to strengthen its presence in Singapore and the region as well as leveraging The Group s financial and cash flow positions continued to on synergies with the wider Group.
remain healthy with consolidated net assets of S$756.0 million and cash balance of S$59.6 million as at 31 December 2023.
Healthway Medical Group The Group acquired a strategic stake of approximately BUSINESS REVIEW 26% in HMC in October 2023.
The acquisition solidified First REIT the Group s presence in Singapore and provided a wider First REIT s Assets-Under-Management of S$1.14 billion platform for collaboration with the O2 Healthcare Group.
comprised 14 nursing homes in Japan, 15 healthcare and integrated properties in Indonesia and 3 nursing homes HMC has one of the largest network of primary and in Singapore.
specialist clinics in Singapore and plans to open a state- of-the-art day surgery centre at Camden Medical Centre In FY2023, rental and other income amounted to S$108.6 million.
in the first quarter of 2024.
The day surgery centre, with a Compared with FY2022, rental and other income declined gross floor area of more than 10,000 sqft on a single floor, by 2.4% due to a weaker Indonesian Rupiah and Japanese will have 5 operating rooms and 12 premium patient suites.
Yen vis- -vis the Singapore dollar.
The impact of the weaker The day surgery centre is expected to offer patients cost foreign currencies was partly offset by a full year contribution effective treatment options and will also help to alleviate from the two Japan properties, which were acquired in March capacity issues in hospitals.
and September 2022.
The underlying rental performance of the properties in Indonesia and Singapore remained healthy China due to the in-built annual rental escalation.
In China, the Group operates Xi Nan Hospital, a 40-bed, Grade 1 hospital in Wuxi s Economic Development Zone, Net profit after tax of S$63.3 million was higher than and also a pharmaceutical distribution business.
Despite FY2022 due mainly to the net fair value gains on investment the loss of COVID-19 related revenue in FY2023 following properties, partly offset by higher finance costs.
DPU for the opening up of China, Xi Nan Hospital s revenue for FY2023 was 2.48 cents and the net asset per unit as at FY2023 surpassed that for FY2022.
31 December 2023 was 30.18 cents.
10 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED Myanmar The Group operates and manages three hospitals, While the operating two medical towers and four primary care clinics in Myanmar, through its joint venture ( Pun Hlaing Hospitals  environment remains or  PHH ) with First Myanmar Investments.
Myanmar s challenging, the healthcare socio-political situation continues to be volatile and has caused disruptions to the operations of PHH.
Despite these sector in the region continues challenges, the business of PHH continues to perform well to be driven by favourable mega due to growing recognition and acceptance by the public of the branding and service quality of PHH, which was trends, including demographic hard earned during the COVID-19 pandemic when PHH remained operational throughout the pandemic as the first trends, fast-growing middle private hospital approved by the authorities to provide class, increased urbanisation COVID-19 treatments and vaccination services.
and technological innovations.
GOING FORWARD While the operating environment remains challenging, the healthcare sector in the region continues to be driven by The Group s 50:50 joint venture ( CM Lippo ) with the China favourable mega trends, including demographic trends, Merchants Group ( CMG ) enables the Group to capitalise fast-growing middle class, increased urbanisation and on growing healthcare opportunities in China.
In May 2023, technological innovations.
Private healthcare players that CM Lippo commissioned Changshu China Merchants   Lippo can identify patients  personalised needs and deliver Obstetrics & Gynaecology Hospital ( Changshu Hospital ).
patient-centric services would be valued by increasingly Changshu Hospital is CM Lippo s first hospital commissioned discerning consumers.
With the vision to be the trusted in China, and also Changshu s first and only private Obstetrics healthcare provider in the communities that we serve, the and Gynaecology hospital, offering premium medical services Group continues to be focused on building a sustainable in obstetrics, gynaecology, paediatrics, and other ancillary and integrated healthcare ecosystem, anchored on medical services such as medical aesthetics.
Changshu international best practices, so as to deliver comprehensive Hospital also houses a confinement centre with premium quality healthcare to our customers.
postpartum rehabilitative suites.
On behalf of the Company, I would like to extend my CM Lippo is also in the final stage to commission the appreciation to our colleagues for their dedicated efforts Shenzhen China Merchants   Lippo Prince Bay Hospital and invaluable contributions, and to our business partners ( Prince Bay Hospital ), which is expected to commence who have provided strong support and trust throughout operations in the second half of 2024.
It is positioned to serve the years.
I would also like to thank our shareholders the growing local affluent population in the Greater Bay for their unwavering support and understanding.
As we Area to meet their discerning healthcare needs.
During the continue to build a regional healthcare ecosystem, we year under review, CM Lippo has entered into an agreement remain committed to delivering value for all stakeholders.
with the Chinese University of Hong Kong ( CUHK ) to provide consultancy services for the operation of an International YET KUM MENG Medical Centre ( IMC ) within the Prince Bay Hospital.
CUHK Chief Executive Officer will also facilitate the credentialing and training of healthcare Executive Director professionals working in IMC, as well as setting up a green channel for cross border referrals to top hospitals in Hong Kong within the network of CUHK and its affiliated hospitals.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 11      O2   2023     77% 5,750 2022    440 2023     800   2024     2023 12    31 7.56   2023 12 31  5,960   2023           11.4     14 15 3      O2     2023 1.086     2022 3 9   30       2023 2022   2023 10   2.4%   26%         130   2023 6330     2022 2023 DPU   SG   2.48 2023 12 31    30.18       2.0                O2   2022 10 1     O2   2023 1.593 2022   O2   33% O2   11 2    2022 3 2022 7 )  O2 2023       2022    12 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED    2024       2023                         First Myanmar Investments     Pun Hlaing Hospitals Pun Hlaing Hospitals   PHH      PHH   2023 10 26% PHH     PHH   O2             2024 Camden         10,000 5 12                       40   2023             2023 2022        50:50     2023    5            ANNUAL REPORT 2023 13 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 1 2 3 MR LEE YI SHYAN MR TETSUYA FUJIMOTO MR YET KUM MENG Chairman and Non-Independent and Non-Independent and Non-Executive Chief Executive Officer and Executive Non-Executive Director Director Director 4 5 6 MR ABRAM MELKYZEDECK MR ROGER TAN CHADE PHANG MR ERIC SHO KIAN HIN SUHARDIMAN Lead Independent and Non-Executive Independent and Non-Executive Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director Director Director 7 8 9 MR JACKSON TAY ENG KIAT MS USHA RANEE CHANDRADAS MR BRIAN RIADY Independent and Non-Executive Independent and Non-Executive Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director Director Director (Resigned with effect from 2 January 2024) 14 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED 1 2 MR LEE YI SHYAN MR TETSUYA FUJIMOTO Chairman and Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director Date of first appointment as a Director: Date of first appointment as a Director: 17 July 2017 1 April 2022 Length of service as a Director (as at 31 December 2023): Length of service as a Director (as at 31 December 2023): 6 years 5 months 1 year 9 months Board Committee(s) served on: Board Committee(s) served on:   Nominating and Remuneration Committee   Nominating and Remuneration Committee Academic & Professional Qualification(s): Academic & Professional Qualification(s):   Bachelor of Engineering (Chemical),   Bachelor of Engineering in the field of Mechanical Engineering, National University of Singapore Kyoto University, Japan   Program for Management Development,   Advanced Management Program, Harvard Business School Harvard Business School Present Directorships (as at 1 January 2024):   Tsinghua University Management Program Listed companies Present Directorships (as at 1 January 2024):   OUE Healthcare Limited Listed companies Other Principal Directorships   OUE Healthcare Limited Nil   OUE REIT Management Pte.
Ltd. (the Manager of OUE Real Estate Investment Trust, formerly known as OUE Commercial Major Appointments (other than directorships): Real Estate Investment Trust)   Manager, Marine & Energy Project Section Marine Department Other Principal Directorships   Secretariat, Assistant to Chairman   Business China (Chairman)   Branch Manager of ITOCHU Brasil S.A., Rio de Janeiro Branch   ICE Futures Singapore Pte.
Ltd. (Chairman)   Unit Leader, Healthcare Business Development Unit of Business   Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-City Investment and Planning & Development Division of ITOCHU Corporation Development Co., Ltd.   Deputy General Manager of Business Planning & Development   SPH Media Holdings Pte.
Ltd. Division and General Manager of Overseas Planning Dept.
of Major Appointments (other than directorships): ITOCHU Corporation   OUE Limited (Executive Advisor to the Chairman) Past Principal Directorships held over the preceding 5 years   Keppel Corporation Limited (Advisor) (from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2023):   Chinese Development Assistance Council (CDAC) Nil (Member of the Board of Trustees) Others: Past Principal Directorships held over the preceding 5 years Nil (from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2023):   OUE Hospitality REIT Management Pte.
Ltd. (dissolved through a member s voluntary winding up) Others:   Member of Parliament of Singapore, East Coast GRC (2006   2020)   Senior Minister of State and Minister of State of several Government Ministries (from 2006 to 2015) ANNUAL REPORT 2023 15 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 3 Present Directorships (as at 2 January 2024): Listed companies MR YET KUM MENG   OUE Healthcare Limited Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director   TIH Limited Date of first appointment as a Director: Other Principal Directorships 28 February 2019   Healthway Medical Corporation Limited   MoolahGo Pte.
Ltd. Length of service as a Director (as at 31 December 2023):   IPP Financial Services Holdings Limited 4 years 10 months   City Ocean Group Limited Board Committee(s) served on: Major Appointments (other than directorships): Nil   Member of Young Presidents  Organization Academic & Professional Qualification(s):   Singapore Lion City Chapter   Bachelor of Accountancy (First Class Honours), Nanyang   Member of NUS Medicine International Council Technological University, Singapore Past Principal Directorships held over the preceding 5 years   Master of Business Administration (Hospitality and Tourism (from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2023): Management), Nanyang Technological University, Singapore   Director of Amazing Early Intervention Pte Ltd Present Directorships (as at 1 January 2024): (from Sep 2022 to June 2023) Listed companies   Non-Executive & Non-Independent Director of Nuvest Real   OUE Healthcare Limited Return Fund (from July 2017 to January 2019) Other Principal Directorships Others: Nil Nil Major Appointments (other than directorships):   Chief Executive Officer of OUE Healthcare Limited 5 Past Principal Directorships held over the preceding 5 years (from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2023): MR ROGER TAN CHADE PHANG Nil Lead Independent and Non-Executive Director Others: Date of first appointment as a Director:   Group Financial Controller of China, GuocoLand Limited 23 January 2017 (from 2005 to 2008)   Chief Executive Officer/President, China Real Estate Division, Length of service as a Director (as at 31 December 2023): Lippo Group (from 2008 to 2017) 6 years 11 months Board Committee(s) served on:   Audit and Risk Committee 4   Nominating and Remuneration Committee Academic & Professional Qualification(s): MR ABRAM MELKYZEDECK   Bachelor of Business in Accountancy, RMIT University SUHARDIMAN   Master of Finance, RMIT University Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director Present Directorships (as at 1 January 2024): Date of first appointment as a Director: Listed companies 2 January 2024   OUE Healthcare Limited Board Committee(s) served on:   Luminor Financial Holdings Ltd Nil   Y Ventures Group   SIM Vantage Limited Academic & Professional Qualification(s):   Tritech Group Limited   Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, University of Southern California Other Principal Directorships   Master s Degree in Finance, Hult International Business School Nil Major Appointments (other than directorships):   President of Small and Middle Capitalisation Companies Association 16 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED Past Principal Directorships held over the preceding 5 years 7 (from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2023):   TBK & Sons Holdings Limited (Independent Director) MR JACKSON TAY ENG KIAT   TIH Limited (Independent Director) Independent and Non-Executive Director   Camsing Healthcare Limited (Independent Director) Date of first appointment as a Director:   Dapai International Holdings Co., Ltd (Independent Director) 23 January 2017   Transcorp Holdings Limited (Independent Director)   Bodhi Tree Network Pte Ltd Length of service as a Director (as at 31 December 2023):   Revez Corporation Ltd 6 years 11 months   Voyage Research Pte Ltd Board Committee(s) served on: Others:   Audit and Risk Committee Nil   Nominating and Remuneration Committee Academic & Professional Qualification(s):   Bachelor of Accountancy (Minor in Marketing), 6 Nanyang Technological University of Singapore   Member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountant MR ERIC SHO KIAN HIN Present Directorships (as at 1 January 2024): Independent and Non-Executive Director Listed companies Date of first appointment as a Director:   OUE Healthcare Limited 23 January 2017   Sapphire Corporation Limited Length of service as a Director (as at 31 December 2023): Other Principal Directorships 6 years 11 months   Hafary Pte.
Ltd.   Hap Seng Investment Holdings Pte.
Ltd. Board Committee(s) served on:   Xquisit Pte.
Ltd.   Audit and Risk Committee   One Heart International Trading Pte Ltd   Nominating and Remuneration Committee Major Appointments (other than directorships): Academic & Professional Qualification(s):   Chief Operating Officer and Company Secretary of   Fellow member of the Association of Certified Chartered Hafary Holdings Limited Group Accountants (FCCA) Past Principal Directorships held over the preceding 5 years Present Directorships (as at 1 January 2024): (from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2023): Listed companies   Sim Leisure Group Ltd.   OUE Healthcare Limited   Choo Chiang Holdings Ltd. Others:   Quantum Healthcare Limited Nil Other Principal Directorships   China Farm Equipment Pte.
Ltd.   Hartanah Kencana Sdn.
Bhd.
Major Appointments (other than directorships): Nil Past Principal Directorships held over the preceding 5 years (from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2023):   Sim Leisure Group Ltd   Versalink Holdings Limited   QT Vascular Ltd Others:   Currently a member of Singapore Institute of Directors   Corporate Development Director, Hunan Longzhou Farm Equipment Holdings Co., Ltd. (from 2013 To 2017)   Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, China Farm Equipment Ltd. (formerly listed on Main Board of SGX-ST) (from 2007 to 2013) ANNUAL REPORT 2023 17 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 8 9 MS USHA RANEE CHANDRADAS MR BRIAN RIADY Independent and Non-Executive Director Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director (ceased with effect from 2 January 2024) Date of first appointment as a Director: 15 November 2021 Date of first appointment as a Director: 28 March 2022 Length of service as a Director (as at 31 December 2023): 2 year and 1 month Length of service as a Director (as at 31 December 2023): 1 year 9 months Board Committee(s) served on:   Audit and Risk Committee Board Committee(s) served on: Nil Academic & Professional Qualification(s):   Bachelor of Laws (Honours), King s College, Academic & Professional Qualification(s): University of London   Bachelor of Science (Political Communication) and Bachelor of   Graduate Diploma in Singapore Law, Arts (Economics), University of Texas at Austin National University of Singapore   Executive Education programmes, Harvard Business School   Master of Professional Accounting degree, Singapore Management University Present Directorships (as at 1 January 2024):   Master s degree in Asian Art Histories, Goldsmith s College, Listed companies University of London, awarded by LASALLE College of the Arts   OUE Limited Singapore   OUE Healthcare Limited   Advocate and Solicitor, Singapore   OUE REIT Management Pte.
Ltd. (the Manager of OUE Real   Accredited Tax Specialist   Income Tax, Singapore Chartered Estate Investment Trust, formerly known as OUE Commercial Tax Professionals Real Estate Investment Trust)   Chartered Accountant of Singapore   Hongkong Chinese Limited (listed on The Stock Exchange of Present Directorships (as at 1 January 2024): Hong Kong Limited) Listed companies   Lippo China Resources Limited (listed on The Stock Exchange of   OUE Healthcare Limited Hong Kong Limited)   OUE REIT Management Pte.
Ltd. (the Manager of OUE Real   Lippo Limited (listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Estate Investment Trust, formerly known as OUE Commercial Limited) Real Estate Investment Trust) Other Principal Directorships Other Principal Directorships Nil   NUR Investment and Trading Pte Ltd Major Appointments (other than directorships): Major Appointments (other than directorships):   OUE Limited (Deputy Chief Executive Officer)   Nominated Member of Parliament of Singapore   Member of the Board of the Singapore Hotel Association   (Plu)ral Art LLP (Founder and Partner)   Member of the Management Committee of the Real Estate   Course Coordinator and Part-Time Lecturer at the Nanyang Developers Association of Singapore Technological University s Nanyang Business School (Centre of   Member of the Executive Committee of the Orchard Road Excellence International Trading) Business Association   Member of the International Monetary Fund s Panel of Experts (Tax-Legal) Past Principal Directorships held over the preceding 5 years   Singapore Red Cross Council Member (from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2023):   Pro Bono Services Office   Law Society of Singapore, Finance Nil Committee (Member), Project Law Help (Vice Chair), Content Management Committee (Chair) Others:   Intellectual Property Office of Singapore (Member of the Board)   Chief Executive Officer of the Hospitality Division of OUE Limited (from October 2018 to December 2019) Past Principal Directorships held over the preceding 5 years   Executive Vice President of Lippo China Resources Limited (Hong (from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2023): Kong) (from January 2018 to December 2019) Nil   Vice President of Strategy of Lippo Group Indonesia (from Others: September 2013 to September 2018)   Council member of the Law Society of Singapore   Chief Executive Officer of PT Cinemaxx Global Pasifik (from (from 2014 to 2015) December 2013 to October 2017) 18 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED KEY EXECUTIVE MR YET KUM MENG Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director Please refer to the section entitled  Board of Directors  on page 16 of this Annual Report for Mr. Yet Kum Meng s biography.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 19 STRONG ASIAN PRESENCE Over the years, our strategic approach has enabled us to cement our position in Asia.
Today, we enjoy a significant presence in Singapore, China and Myanmar, in addition to Japan and Indonesia via our stake in First REIT.
As we enhance our competencies and strengthen capital efficiency, we work towards delivering a full spectrum of healthcare services across Asia.
OUR PRESENCE CHINA   Operating one general hospital in Wuxi   Developing one hospital in Shenzhen   Operating one O&G hospital in Changshu   Owns hospital land and building in Wuxi MYANMAR   Jointly managing and operating three hospitals in Yangon, Mandalay and Taunggyi   Jointly managing and operating two medical towers and four primary care clinics in Myanmar SINGAPORE   Managing and operating O2 Healthcare Group (formerly known as Echo Healthcare Services Pte.
Ltd.), comprising 11 respiratory physicians and two cardiothoracic surgeons in Singapore   Owns approximately 26% of Healthway Medical Corporation which has >130 clinics in Singapore   3 properties in Singapore 22 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED JAPAN   14 properties in Japan INDONESIA   15 properties in Indonesia OTHER ASSETS   Holds development land in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia   Holds medical use land in Dujiangyan, Chengdu, the People s Republic of China ANNUAL REPORT 2023 23 AT A GLANCE CHINA Presence in 3 CITIES 1 CHANGSHU 1 2 WUXI 2 3 SHENZHEN 50:50 Joint venture CM LIPPO 3 with China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd CM Lippo is a 50:50 joint venture company with a subsidiary OUEH holds a 50% of China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., equity interest in Ltd., a member company of the China Merchants Group.
CM Lippo is currently developing a hospital   Shenzhen China China Merchants Lippo Merchants   Lippo Prince Bay Hospital ( Prince Bay Hospital ) in Shenzhen and operates Changshu China Merchants Hospital Management   Lippo Obstetrics & Gynaecology Hospital ( Changshu Hospital ) in Changshu, Jiangsu.
(Shenzhen) Limited Additionally, OUEH has acquired a 70% stake in the operating ( CM Lippo ).
company that operates Wuxi Lippo Xi Nan Hospital ( Xi Nan Hospital ) in Wuxi, Jiangsu in 2019.
The Company believes that its healthcare management expertise, coupled with the deepening partnership with China Merchants Group, will put OUEH in good stead to capture the growing healthcare opportunities in China.
24 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED SHENZHEN, GREATER BAY AREA Shenzhen China Merchants - Lippo Prince Bay Hospital The upcoming Prince Bay Hospital is expected to have more than 200 beds serving the local community and is set to benefit from the growth of the medical tourism industry in the Guangdong Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area (the  Greater Bay Area ).
The Prince Bay Hospital is expected to be commissioned by 2024.
Shekou, where the Prince Bay Hospital is located, is nestled at the southern tip of Nanshan, with Hong Kong just across the Shenzhen Bay.
In 2015, Shekou was designated as a Free Trade Zone by the Chinese government.
The vibrant commercial area is home to many Fortune 500 Chinese companies that are attracted to its connectivity, location and growth potential.
CM Lippo has entered into an agreement with the Chinese University of Hong Kong ( CUHK ) to provide consultancy services for the operation of an International Medical Centre ( IMC ) within the Prince Bay Hospital.
CUHK will also facilitate the credentialing and training of healthcare professionals working in IMC, as well as setting up a green channel for cross border referrals to top hospitals in Hong Kong within the network of CUHK and its affiliated hospitals.
Prince Bay Hospital, Shenzhen, China Signing ceremony of partnership agreement with the Exterior facade of Prince Bay Hospital in Shenzhen, China Chinese University of Hong Kong ANNUAL REPORT 2023 25 AT A GLANCE CHINA CHANGSHU, JIANGSU Changshu China Merchants - Lippo Obstetrics & Gynaecology Hospital Tapping on the local market opportunities, Changshu Hospital is a specialist hospital offering premium medical services in obstetrics, gynaecology, paediatrics and other ancillary medical services such as medical aesthetics.
Changshu Hospital also houses a confinement centre with premium rehabilitative suites and provides postpartum care services.
Changshu Hospital, Changshu, China Lobby of Changshu Hospital Garden within Changshu Hospital 26 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED Master bedroom of a postpartum rehabilitative suite in Changshu Hospital Living area of a postpartum rehabilitative suite in Changshu Hospital Medical Aesthetics department of Changshu Hospital VIP ward in Changshu Hospital View from Changshu Hospital ANNUAL REPORT 2023 27 AT A GLANCE CHINA WUXI, JIANGSU Wuxi Lippo Xi Nan Hospital Xi Nan Hospital is a general hospital that provides quality healthcare services for the residents in Wuxi, Jiangsu.
Located within the Jiangsu Wuxi Economic Development Zone, Xi Nan Hospital comprises specialties such as internal medicine, gynaecology, gastroenterology, nephrology, and a haemodialysis centre.
OUEH owns a 70% stake in the operating company that operates Xi Nan Hospital.
Xi Nan Hospital, Wuxi, China Wuxi land and building OUEH currently owns a piece of land of approximately 244,136 sq ft, and a building located in New District, Wuxi, Jiangsu.
Doctor of Xi Nan Hospital attending to patient Staff inspecting water quality in Xi Nan Hospital 28 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED Nurse operating dialysis machine Doctor at the Haemodialysis Centre in Xi Nan Hospital Treatment area of Haemodialysis Centre in Xi Nan Hospital ANNUAL REPORT 2023 29 AT A GLANCE MYANMAR 1 MANDALAY 2 TAUNGGYI 3 YANGON 1 1ST 2 Hospital in Myanmar With JCI Accreditation 9 3 Myanmar Medical facilities 370 Total bed capacity * As at 31 December 2023 OUEH jointly operates and manages a healthcare portfolio Joint venture with of three hospitals, two medical towers and four primary care clinics (the  Myanmar Medical Facilities ) with FMI.
First Myanmar Branded as Pun Hlaing Hospitals ( PHH ), the three hospitals have a total bed capacity of approximately 370 beds and Investment are located in the key cities of Yangon, Mandalay and Public Company Taunggyi.
The flagship hospital in Yangon is the first hospital in Myanmar to receive the prestigious JCI accreditation Limited ( FMI ) in 2017 and was subsequently re-accredited in 2021.
The core services offered by the hospitals include emergency, outpatient, in-patient, laboratory, imaging, physiotherapy, medical check-up and overseas clinical services, across practices including Cardiology, Orthopaedics, Obstetrics and Gynaecology.
OUEH believes that its international healthcare expertise will complement its high-quality medical facilities in Myanmar, and achieve further growth in one of the fastest-growing Southeast Asian economies.
30 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED Pun Hlaing Hospitals Hlaing Tharyar, Yangon, Myanmar Reception area of Pun Hlaing Hospitals Hlaing Operating theatre in Pun Hlaing Hospitals Pun Hlaing Hospitals Taunggyi, Taunggyi, Tharyar, Yangon, Myanmar Mandalay, Mandalay, Myanmar Myanmar YANGON MANDALAY TAUNGGYI As the largest city in Myanmar with a Mandalay is the second largest city Taunggyi is home to a diverse group population of over five million people, in the country and serves as the main of ethnicities as it is the capital of Yangon is the country s former capital commercial, education and health Shan State, Myanmar s largest state, and continues to be the commercial centre for Upper Myanmar.
With a wide bordering China, Laos and Thailand.
capital of Myanmar today.
The 170- range of in-patient and outpatient Pun Hlaing Hospitals Taunggyi, the bed flagship hospital in Yangon, Pun services, Pun Hlaing Hospitals 100-bed hospital in Taunggyi is Hlaing Hospitals Hlaing Tharyar, is the Mandalay, the 100-bed hospital in expected to serve the largest state s first hospital in Myanmar to receive the Mandalay is well-positioned to serve growing community.
prestigious JCI accreditation in 2017, the Mandalay community s increasing and was subsequently re-accredited healthcare needs.
in 2021.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 31 AT A GLANCE SINGAPORE 12 13 CLINICS SPECIALIST DOCTORS * As at 31 December 2023 In June 2022, OUEH formed a partnership with three medical MEDICAL specialist groups (the  Medical Partners ) in Singapore via its PARTNERSHIPS WITH joint venture company with OUE ( OUE JV ).
OUEH and OUE hold 60% and 40% respectively in OUE JV.
SINGAPORE S LUNG Under the partnership, OUE JV and the respective founders SPECIALISTS of the Medical Partners hold a 60:40 shareholding in O2 Healthcare Group Pte.
Ltd., which in turn owns 60% of each of the Medical Partners (collectively, the  O2 Healthcare Group ).
O2 Healthcare Group comprises two leading Respiratory Specialist Practices in Singapore - Respiratory Medical Associates ( RMA ) and The Respiratory Practice ( TRP ), as well as a two leading Cardiothoracic Surgery Practices operating as Thoracic & Cardiovascular Surgery Specialist ( TCSS ) and Kang Ning Cardiothoracic Surgery ( KNCS ).
As at 31 December 2023, there are 13 specialist doctors operating in the 11 clinics.
The partnership is an important milestone in OUEH s journey to build a regional healthcare ecosystem, comprising the full spectrum of tiered healthcare services anchored on Singapore s medical best practices.
32 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED RESPIRATORY MEDICAL ASSOCIATES RMA is a medical group practice comprising five medical practitioners in respiratory medicine, and is located in three private medical centres in Singapore.
RMA s medical clinics are specialist clinics for the diagnosis and treatment of lung, sleep and allergy disorders.
It directly serves patients as its end customers.
THE RESPIRATORY PRACTICE TRP is a medical group practice comprising six medical practitioners in respiratory medicine, and is currently located in seven private medical centres in Singapore.
TRP s medical clinics are specialist clinics for lung (including sleep and allergy) and intensive care medicine.
It directly serves patients as its end customers.
THORACIC & CARDIOVASCULAR SURGERY SPECIALIST KANG NING CARDIOTHORACIC SURGERY TCSS and KNCS are both medical practices with a sole medical practitioner, who are both cardiothoracic surgery specialists, and are both located in private medical centres in Singapore.
Both surgery practices provide cardiac and minimally invasive cardiac surgery and thoracic and minimally invasive thoracic surgery and directly serve patients as its end customers.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 33 AT A GLANCE SINGAPORE On 26 October 2023, the Group completed the acquisition of a 26% interest in Healthway Medical Corporation Limited ( HMC ) by way of an exit offer for the voluntary delisting of HMC from the Catalist Board of the SGX-ST.
HMC is a private healthcare provider, with one of the largest networks of clinics and medical centres in Singapore.
HMC began operations in 1990 with one mission - to provide accessible, affordable and quality medical services to our patients.
Healthway Screening @ Downtown, Singapore HMC currently owns, operates and manages over 130 clinics and medical centres.
These facilities are located all over Singapore, including many major private hospitals.
HMC offers comprehensive medical services including general practitioner and family medicine clinics, health screening, adult specialists, baby & child specialists, dental services and allied healthcare services.
In January 2024, HMC expanded its network with the opening of Cura Day Surgery at Camden Medical Centre.
The new surgical facility offers comprehensive and specialised medical services delivered with surgical expertise, quality nursing care and modern surgical technology.
Coupled with patient suites with private Healthway Screening @ Capitol, Singapore bathrooms, it provides a quiet, comfortable and conducive environment for a speedy recovery.
1990 >130 >130 Incorporated Owns and operates Employs over 130 in 1990 over 130 clinics medical professionals General Adult Baby, Child Dental Care Japanese Practitioner Specialists & Woman Medical & & Family & Allied Specialists Dental Clinic Medicine Healthcare 34 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED SPECIALISTS & PRIMARY CARE ALLIED HEALTH GP & Health Woman Dental Adults Screening & Child YOUR HAPPY EVER AFTER YOUR HAPPY EVER AFTER ANNUAL REPORT 2023 35 AT A GLANCE FIRST REIT 2 3 1 Sponsor and largest 32 unitholder of First Real Assets Estate Investment Trust 15 ( First REIT ), Singapore s in Indonesia first healthcare real estate 14 in Japan investment trust listed on the 3 in Singapore Main Board of the SGX-ST 448,744 sqm total GFA * As at 31 December 2023 36 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED Total assets Under management S$1,139.5 million As at 31 December 2023 Siloam Hospitals Lippo Village, Indonesia First REIT was established with the principal investment In 2022, First REIT successfully acquired 14 nursing homes in strategy of investing in a diversified portfolio of Japan, of which 12 of the nursing homes were acquired from income-producing real estate and/or real estate-related OUEH.
The 14 nursing homes in Japan are freehold assets assets in Asia that are primarily used for healthcare with a combined gross floor area of approximately 103,234 and/or healthcare-related purposes.
square metres and 1,655 rooms, which are 100% master- leased to tenants who are well-established and experienced OUEH and OUE Limited hold a 40% and 60% stake in First independent local nursing home operators.
REIT Management Limited respectively, the manager of First REIT.
OUEH is also First REIT s sponsor and largest First REIT s other properties include well-run nursing homes unitholder, holding approximately 33% of its units.
in Singapore staffed by well-qualified, dedicated and experienced healthcare professionals.
First REIT currently has a diversified portfolio of 32 high- quality properties with stable cash flows and long lease terms in Indonesia, Japan and Singapore, which includes 11 hospitals in Indonesia, 14 nursing homes in Japan and three nursing homes in Singapore.
First REIT also holds two integrated hospitals and malls, one integrated hospital and hotel, and one integrated hotel and country club in Indonesia.
First REIT s portfolio of hospitals in Indonesia are strategically located within large catchment areas of potential patients, with each hospital being a  Centre of Excellence  or having an area of specialty.
These Hikari Heights Varus Kotoni, Hokkaido, Japan Indonesian hospitals are operated by PT Siloam International Hospitals Tbk, a subsidiary of PT Lippo Karawaci Tbk and Indonesia s leading private hospital network.
Other assets in Indonesia include the Imperial Aryaduta Hotel & Country Club and Hotel Aryaduta Manado, operated by The Aryaduta Hotel & Resort Group, as well as Lippo Plaza Kupang and Lippo Plaza Buton, managed by PT Lippo Malls Indonesia.
Orchard Kaichi North, Nagano, Japan ANNUAL REPORT 2023 37 AT A GLANCE FIRST REIT JAPAN HIKARI HEIGHTS VARUS HIKARI HEIGHTS VARUS HIKARI HEIGHTS VARUS HIKARI HEIGHTS VARUS FUJINO ISHIYAMA KOTONI MAKOMANAI-KOEN HIKARI HEIGHTS VARUS VARUS CUORE SAPPORO- VARUS CUORE YAMANOTE ORCHARD TSUKISAMU-KOEN KITA & ANNEX AMANOHASHIDATE ORCHARD KAICHI NORTH ORCHARD KAICHI WEST ELYSION GAKUENMAE ELYSION MAMIGAOKA & ANNEX MEDICAL REHABILITATION LOYAL RESIDENCE AYASE HOME BON S JOUR KOMAKI SINGAPORE PACIFIC HEALTHCARE PACIFIC HEALTHCARE THE LENTOR RESIDENCE NURSING HOME NURSING HOME II A 5-storey custom- @ BUKIT MERAH @ BUKIT PANJANG built nursing home with A 4-storey custom-built A 5-storey custom-built comprehensive medical nursing home with basement nursing home.
facilities.
carpark and roof terrace.
38 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED INDONESIA SILOAM HOSPITALS LIPPO MOCHTAR RIADY SILOAM HOSPITALS SILOAM HOSPITALS KUPANG VILLAGE COMPREHENSIVE CANCER MAKASSAR & LIPPO PLAZA KUPANG CENTRE SILOAM SRIWIJAYA SILOAM HOSPITALS SILOAM HOSPITALS SILOAM HOSPITALS PURWAKARTA BAUBAU & LIPPO PLAZA LABUAN BAJO BAUBAU SILOAM HOSPITALS BALI SILOAM HOSPITALS SILOAM HOSPITALS KEBON SILOAM HOSPITALS LIPPO MANADO & HOTEL JERUK CIKARANG ARYADUTA MANADO SILOAM HOSPITALS TB SILOAM HOSPITALS IMPERIAL ARYADUTA HOTEL SIMATUPANG YOGYAKARTA & COUNTRY CLUB ANNUAL REPORT 2023 39 AT A GLANCE OTHER ASSETS KUALA LUMPUR, MALAYSIA CHENGDU, CHINA OUEH currently owns a piece of land OUEH currently owns a piece of land of approximately of approximately 50,849 SQ FT 201,223 SQ FT in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
in Dujiangyan, Chengdu, China.
40 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED 3-YEAR FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS GROUP REVENUE GROSS PROFIT (S$ 000) (S$ 000) 159,315 119,796 121,730 101,609 19,665 14,573 FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 FY2023 REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHIES PROFIT/(LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE (S$ 000) TO THE OWNERS OF THE COMPANY (S$ 000) 14,851 5,639 111,378 89,489 49,336 8,049 4,392 JAPAN SINGAPORE CHINA INDONESIA FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 41 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 43 55 Board Statement Our Economy 43 55 About OUE Healthcare Our Environment 44 58 About this Report Our People 45 67 Sustainability at Our Governance OUE Healthcare 69 52 GRI and SASB Taskforce on Content Index Climate-Related Financial Disclosures 42 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED BOARD STATEMENT ABOUT OUE HEALTHCARE The Board of Directors (the  Board ) of OUE Healthcare Who We are Limited ( OUEH  or the  Company , and together with OUEH is a regional healthcare group with an extensive network its subsidiaries, the  Group ) is pleased to present our of healthcare businesses across fast-growing markets in sustainability report for the financial year ended 31 December Asia.
Headquartered in Singapore, the Group currently owns, 2023 ( FY2023 ).
operates and invests in healthcare businesses in Singapore, China, Myanmar, Indonesia and Japan, with business segments The Board oversees all sustainability-related matters of the including healthcare operations, healthcare assets, properties Group, including the development of sustainability strategy under development and investments.
OUEH is listed on the and its integration into OUEH s overall corporate strategy.
Catalist Board of SGX-ST, and is a subsidiary company of OUE Apart from being supported by the Sustainability Steering Limited ( OUE ).
Committee ( SSC ), which comprises of representatives from key functions of the Company, the Board continuously In Singapore, OUEH has, through its joint venture company builds its competencies by equipping its directors with with OUE ( OUE JV ), partnered with three medical specialist environmental, social and governance ( ESG ) knowledge practices to own O2 Healthcare Group ( O2HG ), a group of through relevant sustainability training courses.
Such trainings lung specialists in respiratory care and cardiothoracic surgeries.
and courses are in line with the regulatory requirements of This medical partnership enables OUEH to build on and expand the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities its regional healthcare business ecosystem anchored on high Trading Limited ( SGX-ST ).
medical standards in Singapore.
OUEH holds a 60% stake in OUE JV, which in turn holds a 60% of O2HG.
OUEH also owns The Company began formalising and documenting its approximately 26% stake in Healthway Medical Corporation, a sustainability journey since 2017 and continues to integrate respected medical group in Singapore with over 130 clinics.
ESG considerations into its strategies and key business decisions.
In China, OUEH currently operates a general hospital, Wuxi Lippo Xi Nan Hospital ( Xi Nan Hospital ), in Wuxi, Jiangsu, as In light of the recent regulatory shifts towards enhancing well as a pharmaceutical trading business.
The Company s ESG initiatives, OUEH recognises the imperative of climate- 50:50 joint venture company, China Merchants Lippo Hospital conscious strategies and has taken its first step to align Management Limited ( CM Lippo ), has commissioned its with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures first hospital, Changshu China Merchants-Lippo Obstetrics & ( TCFD ) recommendations in FY2023.
By adhering to these Gynaecology Hospital ( Changshu Hospital ), in Changshu, guidelines, the Company emphasises its dedication to Jiangsu.
Changshu Hospital started its operations in mid- transparency, accurate risk disclosure, and to build resilience 2023, after it was commissioned in May 2023.
CM Lippo will against climate-related challenges.
This strategic alignment be commissioning its second and flagship hospital, Shenzhen also reflects OUEH s proactive approach in addressing China Merchants   Lippo Prince Bay Hospital ( Prince Bay climate risks and contributing to the global discourse on Hospital ) in Shekou, Shenzhen in 2024.
OUEH also owns a sustainable healthcare practices.
piece of land and building located in Wuxi, Jiangsu ( Wuxi land and building ), which is currently undergoing feasibility studies In addition to aligning to the TCFD recommendations, the to reopen in the future and was not operational in FY2023.
Company has also embarked on collecting and reporting on environmental metrics and disclosures in FY2023, and In Myanmar, OUEH holds a 40% stake in the joint venture will start to consider and integrate climate related risks into companies that own and operate medical facilities, branded OUEH s Enterprise Risk Management ( ERM ) Framework in under  Pun Hlaing Hospitals .
the financial year ended 31 December 2024 ( FY2024 ).
OUEH is also the sponsor and the largest unitholder of First Moving forward, the Company and the Board will continue Real Estate Investment Trust ( First REIT ), Singapore s first to strengthen its sustainability competencies and its listed healthcare real estate investment trust.
OUEH directly sustainability commitments, so as to create sustained value owns approximately 33% of First REIT, and a 40% stake in its for our stakeholders and contribute favourably to the United manager, First REIT Management Limited.
Nations ("UN") Sustainability Development Goals ( SDGs ).
Other assets of OUEH include two pieces of land in Dujiangyan, Chengdu, China and Kuala Lumpur Malaysia.
AANNNNUUAALL RREEPPOORRTT 22002233 4433 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Who we want to be ABOUT THIS REPORT OUEH s vision is to be the trusted healthcare provider of choice in the communities we serve, which is in line with the OUEH continues on its sustainability journey while deepening philosophy of  Transformational Thinking  of the larger OUE our commitments and disclosures in its seventh sustainability Group of companies.
Through its three-pronged strategy report.
This sustainability report highlights the economic, of establishing strategic partnerships, building an asset- environmental, social and governance impacts of our light business model, and expanding across Asia, the Group operations across Asia, covering the financial year from has made significant inroads to build a sustainable and 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 and outlines our integrated healthcare business ecosystem anchored on approach to integrating sustainability into our business.
international best practices, which will bring comprehensive Through the disclosures, we are providing insights into our quality healthcare to its patients.
sustainability strategies and sharing our commitments with our stakeholders.
With a strong governance structure, sound policies and numerous initiatives benchmarked to international The internal audit function of the Company conducted standards, OUEH is committed to provide exemplary an internal review on this report as required by SGX-ST patient care through dedication to clinical excellence in accordance with the International Standards for the and by fostering a healing environment where patients Professional Practice of Internal Auditing issued by The feel valued, respected, and supported throughout their Institue of Internal Auditors.
All recommendations highlighted healthcare journey, making a positive impact in their lives.
during the internal review were taken into consideration during the preparation of this report.
We are guided by our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and HR policies that outline clear frameworks and Reporting Scope guidelines to ensure responsible business standards and The reporting scope covers our healthcare operations, respect for human rights, taking reference from the ILO assets and activities in Singapore and China, where we Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at have at least 51% of operational control and interest.
Work.
The human rights clauses aim to respect human This includes OUEH Singapore s corporate office, O2HG, rights throughout our business activities, as we strive to Xi Nan Hospital, and China s pharmaceutical trading provide a healthy and inclusive working environment by business, whereby economic, environmental, social eliminating any forms of forced labour and discrimination and governance data are collected and recorded.
in our business.
Our policies are reviewed by our functional departments, who report to senior management and In FY2023, we have further improved our data collection by C-suite management for approval.
including environmental information and metrics such as energy, emissions and water usage as much as possible.
As we continue to stay focused on our path to build a While these metrics are currently not identified as material regional healthcare business ecosystem, we recognise the topics for OUEH, we are aware that there is increasing importance of sustainability and our contribution to the expectations on environmental and climate reporting.
overall well-being of the communities that we are a part We aim to present a holistic picture of our sustainability of.
We are committed to embed sustainability principles performance to our stakeholders by FY2025, in line with in the implementation of our business strategies and SGX-ACRA mandatory climate reporting guidelines.
We operations to minimise potential negative impacts that are also in the process of collecting environmental metrics, our operations may bring.
specifically energy, water and waste data from Changshu Hospital in FY2023, as we are aware of the potential environmental impacts that an operating hospital may have.
However, we are not presently reporting on ESG data from Changshu Hospital in FY2023 s sustainability report due to our aforementioned reporting parameters, and requiring 12-months of data for fair comparison against other assets.
44 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED We have existing short-term annual targets on our SUSTAINABILITY AT OUE HEALTHCARE economic, social and governance pillars.
As OUEH continually seeks to grow its healthcare businesses, we We recognise the importance of the alignment of healthcare are venturing into being an asset owner and operator.
We and sustainability principles.
We also believe that it is are currently focused on expanding our data collection to important for us to focus on the areas where we can have include environmental metrics, and strengthening our data the most impact, through the assessment, validation, and collection processes for social and governance metrics to management of OUEH s ESG material issues.
also include the new assets.
Once we have a representative and accurate baseline, we will seek to set medium to long The Board has validated the results of a materiality term ESG targets in FY2024.
This report excludes First REIT, assessment that was first conducted in 2021 and updated given that First REIT has its own standalone sustainability annually, to identify areas to concentrate our sustainability report.
This report also does not include the data from efforts on which will support our business strategy.
our operations in Myanmar, as well as our joint venture operations under CM Lippo as OUEH does not hold at least Following the annual validation of the materiality assessment, 51% in these entities.
For the complete list of OUEH s entities, we reported our sustainability performance for 2023, and please refer to pages 22 to 40 of our Annual Report.
set out targets for 2024.
In 2023, our sustainability approach remained focused in areas most relevant to our businesses This report has been prepared in accordance with the such as assessing how we manage our investments and Global Reporting Initiative (GRI 2021) standards and reports operations, our human resource practices, and our corporate on climate-related disclosures, in line with the TCFD governance practices.
recommendations, on a  comply or explain  basis.
The report also complies with the sustainability reporting requirements Sustainability Governance set out in the Rules 711A and 711B of the SGX-ST Listing OUEH believes that a robust sustainability governance Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist.
Additionally, OUEH structure is crucial in our pursuit to build a sustainable has taken reference from the Sustainability Accounting healthcare business ecosystem.
This is also reflected in our Standards Board ( SASB ) Healthcare Delivery Industry Corporate Governance Report, where sustainability issues Standards to align with recommended disclosure metrics are being considered as part of our overall strategy (see The on Energy Management.
As we enhance our data collection Board s Conduct of Affairs on page 76 to 80).
infrastructure, we will seek to include more comprehensive SASB topic disclosures, including waste management The Board has oversight on all sustainability-related in subsequent sustainability reports.
To enhance global matters and the integration of sustainability considerations sustainability efforts and contribute to common goals, into key business decisions and strategies.
We have also OUEH continues to align its sustainability activities with the established the SSC made up of C-suite management and UN SDGs.
representatives from the Company s key functions such as operational executives in our business units and corporate OUEH s data owners and staff involved in the data collection functions including the Finance, Legal, Human Resources process are trained accordingly to collect accurate data.
We and Communications Team.
The SSC is led by the Chief have not sought external assurance on this report but may Executive Officer and Executive Director, and is responsible consider doing so in the future.
We welcome any feedback to monitor, manage and implement sustainability-related to help us to improve the approach we take to sustainability, policies and practices aimed at improving the economic, our policies, and our performance.
Please send your queries environmental, social and governance impacts from our or suggestions to OUEH s Sustainability Steering Committee business.
Sustainability updates and issues are reported at info@ouehealthcare.com.
by the SSC to the Board, on a biannual basis at least or whenever applicable.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 45 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT To keep abreast of the latest sustainability trends emphasise the Company s commitment to comply with laws and regulations, the Board also attends sustainable and upholding the highest standards of business ethics.
development training programmes, such as relevant ESG The policy also highlights areas of ethical and corruption- trainings mandated by the SGX-ST (see The Board s related risks, including conflicts of interest (see The Board s Conduct of Affairs on page 77 to 78).
Through these training Conduct of Affairs on page 76 to 77).
The Audit and Risk programmes, the Board can enhance its understanding Committee is established to monitor and review related of relevant ESG issues for the Group to make strategic party transactions (including interested person transactions decisions and take sustainability into consideration, when and interested party transactions) on a quarterly basis (see they review and monitor policies and practices.
Audit Committee on page 94 to 95).
A written policy is in place which sets out proper The organisational structure and responsibilities of the procedures and principles to guide Directors in dealing with sustainability governance at OUEH are illustrated in the potential or actual conflicts of interest.
The policy aims to table below: BOARD OF DIRECTORS   Endorses and oversees the monitoring, managing, and approving of all sustainability-related matters and the integration of sustainability considerations into key business decisions and strategy   Final approval and oversight on the sustainability statement, sustainability report and materiality assessment process SUSTAINABILITY STEERING COMMITTEE ( SSC )   Formulates overall strategic direction, implements, and manages sustainability-related policies and practices aimed at improving the economic and social impact from our business   Conducts materiality assessment through stakeholder engagement to understand ESG impacts, risks and opportunities, leading to the identification of material issues   Monitors key performance indicators and progress against targets   Reports performance, updates or issues to the Board Finance Legal Communications Human Resources   The SSC includes operational executives from the various business units and corporate functions   Provides their functional expertise for sustainability policies, practices and decision making   Implements and monitors sustainability-related efforts at the business unit level 46 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED Stakeholder Engagement We prioritise engagement with stakeholders who are OUEH ensures regular and continual engagement with affected or may be affected by OUEH s business activities.
internal and external stakeholders across our operations OUEH s stakeholder engagement activities are overseen and geographies.
The objectives are to understand their by the SSC and the Board is kept informed on stakeholder concerns, needs and how our business activities impact feedback through annual meetings.
The Board reviews them both negatively and positively.
This helps us to identify recommendations made by the SSC to address any concerns potential risks and business opportunities, address issues that of our stakeholders and if approved, they will come to fruition are material to our stakeholders and ensure the relevance of in the form of policies and processes.
our sustainability strategy and approach.
ENGAGEMENT METHODS KEY ESG TOPICS OUEH S COMMITMENTS STAKEHOLDERS & FREQUENCY OF CONCERN TO SUSTAINABILITY Investment   Release of financial results,   Sustainable and long-term   Maintaining regular, timely Community announcements, press value creation and economic and accurate disclosure of all (including releases, annual reports, and performance material and financial sensitive shareholders, other relevant disclosures   Sound business strategies information relating to OUEH s investors, through SGXNET and our   Robust corporate governance economic and operational analysts, and corporate website, throughout and compliance performance, as well as the media) the year corporate developments   Email alert subscriptions via   Implementing sound risk OUEH s website management, procedures   Annual General Meeting, once to ensure compliance, and a year business continuity plans   Extraordinary General Meetings, where necessary   Virtual Dialogue Session where management answers relevant questions from shareholders in a live recording session, where necessary   Updates through one-on- one and group meetings and investor roadshows, as and when necessary Customers   Feedback from patients,   Active management of   Continuous improvements and throughout the year operations to deliver implementation of sustainability sustainable and long-term initiatives to increase efficiencies value of our assets   Robust corporate governance   Providing feedback channels and compliance for all matters and managing   Data protection and customer feedback effectively and privacy promptly   Data protection policies and risk control procedures in place to ensure privacy of sensitive information ANNUAL REPORT 2023 47 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT ENGAGEMENT METHODS KEY ESG TOPICS OUEH S COMMITMENTS STAKEHOLDERS & FREQUENCY OF CONCERN TO SUSTAINABILITY Employees   Training and development   Training opportunities for   Developing a work culture that activities, as and when career development and embraces diversity, teamwork, necessary growth cohesiveness, and continuous   Annual performance reviews,   Fair and competitive learning once a year employment practices   Providing fair and equal   Staff welfare and team   Diversity and Non- opportunities for all employees bonding activities, as and discrimination   Offering training programmes when necessary   Safe, healthy, and productive and career development working environment opportunities   Health and safety guidelines in place to promote a safe and healthy workspace for employee wellness Government and   Industry networking functions,   Regulatory compliance   Maintaining regular, timely Regulators as and when necessary   Robust corporate governance and accurate disclosure of all   Regulatory audits, once a year   Ethical corporate business material and financial sensitive   Compliance with mandatory practices information relating to OUEH s reporting requirements, economic and operational throughout the year performance, as well as corporate developments   Implementing sound risk management, procedures to ensure compliance, and business continuity plans   Implementing policies and procedures to ensure compliance with relevant laws and regulations Local   Community service   Sustainable business practices   Regular community service Communities   Support to local communities activities to engage local communities 48 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED Materiality Assessment For FY2023, we have confirmed that these ESG topics OUEH conducted its first formal materiality assessment identified and reported in FY2021 and in the financial year in FY2017 using a 4-step materiality assessment process ended 31 December 2022 ( FY2022 ) are still material to which is illustrated below.
The materiality assessment was our operations.
In addition, the Company understands the performed by the SSC and in collaboration with an external implications of climate and sustainability-related issues consultant to determine the relevant economic, social and on the business and has taken steps to understand how governance issues that are important to our business and climate-related risks and opportunities impact our business stakeholders.
The Board has the ultimate oversight and by reporting on a  comply or explain  basis against TCFD s 11 approval of the materiality process and the topics identified disclosure recommendations to provide a more holistic view as material.
of the Group s overall ESG impact.
In the financial year ended 31 December 2021 ( FY2021 ), the In total, we have eight material topics.
We have categorised Company had refreshed and revalidated our material issues our material topics under four main categories namely   Our and introduced new material issues to the original set of Economic Performance, Our Environment, Our People, and indicators, which were relevant to the global context of our Our Governance.
business.
Thereafter, the Company has continued to conduct an annual materiality review, considering stakeholders  feedback, global and local sustainability trends, and against industry peers, to ensure that the material issues identified remain relevant to our businesses.
Materiality Assessment Process IDENTIFY PRIORITISE VALIDATE APPROVAL Identify initial list Prioritise initial list Senior Management The Board approves of material issues of material issues or SSC validates the the final list of through existing list through stakeholder material topics material topics of issues and peer engagement and benchmarking desktop review ANNUAL REPORT 2023 49 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT OUEH s Material Topics and Approach MATERIAL ESG RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES APPROACH TO ADDRESS UN SDG & GRI FACTOR THE TOPIC REFERENCES Economic Dimension Sustainability Impact Poor economic performance OUEH channels our economic GRI 201: driven by Economic may reduce the confidence of growth to maintaining a high- Economic Performance shareholders and other relevant quality portfolio, leading to the Performance 2016 stakeholders in investing into our maximisation of net asset value business.
and distribution to stakeholders.
Through better economic Our business decisions and performance and well-maintained strategies take into consideration healthcare assets, OUEH s net the growth and positive impact on income can help to create jobs, our shareholders, employees, and improve healthcare delivery community.
services for the local economy and generate income for local communities and suppliers.
Active The success and value of our We work closely with our partners Non-GRI Management asset portfolio has a direct impact to invest in high-quality healthcare of Operations on the success of our business assets and continuously improve and the value that we can bring the types of healthcare delivery to our shareholders.
The value services to our stakeholders generated from a high quality via active management of our portfolio is redistributed back activities.
to improving our infrastructures, healthcare services, and Through active management of supporting the well-being of our our operations, we aim to support community.
human well-being and bring quality healthcare services for all.
Social Dimension Employee Engagement Our stakeholders have always To attract and retain talented GRI 401: Fair Employment been key drivers of our success individuals, we manage the Employment 2016 Practices Training & and it is paramount that OUEH various aspects of the employee GRI 404: Development continues to adapt to their engagement to ensure that Training & changing needs and concerns.
our employment practices are Education 2016 inclusive, fair, and conducive for A fair and inclusive working employees to thrive.
environment, that encourages growth and development, is These include the following: crucial to offer security and competitive remuneration, fair HR foster continued trust from its policies, opportunities for growth stakeholders.
and career progression, and fostering a positive, cohesive, and respectful work culture.
50 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED MATERIAL ESG RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES APPROACH TO ADDRESS UN SDG & GRI FACTOR THE TOPIC REFERENCES Health & Safety Being in the healthcare industry, We have an Occupational Health GRI 403: OUEH plays a key role in & Safety system and guidelines Occupational Health enhancing the health and well- in place to identify and manage & Safety 2018 being of the communities that we health and safety related risks GRI 416: operate in.
through risk assessments.
Customer Health & Safety 2016 There is also rising expectations We also promote employee health on health & safety practices and and wellness through recreational service quality of healthcare and team bonding activities, delivery operations.
insurance coverage, and other medical benefits.
Local Communities OUEH can help to build social We continuously contribute to our GRI 413: Local and community cohesion, and local communities by providing Communities 2016 contributing to the overall quality affordable and accessible health of life and healthcare services at services and education to those the locations of operation.
in need.
Diversity & Non- It is imperative to the success Our recruitment practices GRI 405: Discrimination of our business and retention are based on merits and Diversity & Equal of talents that we promote competencies, such that we can Opportunity 2016 inclusivity, diversity, and a working create equal opportunities for all GRI 406: Non- environment free of discrimination and employ qualified and talented Discrimination 2016 and harassment.
individuals without discrimination.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 51 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MATERIAL ESG RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES APPROACH TO ADDRESS UN SDG & GRI FACTOR THE TOPIC REFERENCES Governance Dimension Corporate Governance Non-compliance can have Our Code of Business Conduct GRI 2-27 and Compliance significant adverse reputational, and Ethics sets out the operational, and financial impact, expectations and procedures GRI 205: posing a threat to business on governance, compliance, and Anti-Corruption 2016 continuity.
corruption related topics.
We aim to conduct our business We adopt a zero-tolerance responsibly, complying with approach to regulatory breaches.
applicable laws and regulations, and the highest ethical standards Whistle blowing & grievance to continue creating value for mechanisms are set in place to stakeholders.
ensure that non-compliance risks are reduced and provides a safe avenue to report any concerns without fear.
Customer Privacy Data breaches and leaks will All employees are obligated GRI 418: Customer significantly harm the reputation to protect personal data in Privacy 2016 of our business and the trust in our accordance with the Personal relationships with our customers.
Data Protection Policies of the Company.
We take the privacy and confidentiality of our customers  health data and personal information very seriously.
TASKFORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED climate reporting on a  comply or explain  basis in their FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES sustainability reports from FY2022 onwards.
OUEH has started to introduce climate-related disclosures in our OUEH recognises that climate change and environmental Sustainability Report 2023, and report on a  comply considerations have a bearing on all aspects of our or explain  basis against the Taskforce on Climate- business, particularly in terms of our assets, operations, and related Financial Disclosures ( TCFD ) recommendations, the present and future value of investments.
with the aim of reporting on climate-related financial information that may be of interest to our stakeholders In December 2021, the Singapore Exchange Regulation and strengthen our approach to managing any climate- ( SGX RegCo ) announced that all issuers must provide related risks.
52 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED This is further elaborated in the table below.
GOVERNANCE a) The Board s oversight of The Board has oversight on all sustainability- and climate-related matters, and the climate-related risks and integration of sustainability considerations into key business decisions and strategies.
opportunities.
b) Management s role in The Company has established the Sustainability Steering Committee (SSC) comprising assessing and managing C-suite management and representatives from the Company s key functions such climate-related risks and as operational executives in our business units and corporate functions including the opportunities.
Finance, Legal, Human Resources and Communications Team.
The SSC is led by the Chief Executive Office and Executive Director, and is responsible to monitor, manage and implement sustainability-related policies and practices aimed at improving the economic, environmental and social impacts from our business.
Sustainability and climate-related updates and issues are reported to the Board on a biannual basis at the least.
Please refer to Sustainability Governance on page 45 and 46 for more information.
STRATEGY a) The climate-related risks The Company is in the process of collecting environmental data relevant to its businesses, and opportunities OUEH including OUEH Singapore s corporate office, O2HG, Xi Nan Hospital, China s pharmaceutical has identified over the trading business.
These metrics include energy consumption, GHG emissions, water short, medium, and long consumption and waste generation.
The Company s plan is to set an appropriate energy, term.
water, and waste baseline in FY2024, and gain a better understanding of its impact on the b) The impact of climate- environment.
related risks and opportunities on OUEH s Collecting baseline environmental data is vital to provide key insights as to where OUEH businesses, strategy, and produces the greatest environmental impact and helps to identify which areas OUEH is financial planning.
able to influence over the short, medium, and long term.
These insights will help with climate c) The resilience of OUEH s scenario analysis, including the potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities strategy, taking into on the Company s business, strategy, and financial planning.
consideration different climate-related scenarios, While the Company collects environmental data relevant to its businesses, we will continue including a 2 C or lower to focus on strengthening our governance and risk management processes and practices.
In scenario.
this regard, we will keep assessing our exposure to climate change by performing a climate scenario analysis in FY2024.
The scenario analysis will help us to qualitatively assess short, medium, and long-term climate related risks and opportunities.
RISK MANAGEMENT a) OUEH s processes for The Company has put in place an Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework for OUEH s identifying and assessing Singapore corporate office, which has been approved by the Board.
The current Framework climate-related risks.
contains risks that have been identified to be relevant to the Company, in terms of impact b) OUEH s processes for level, likelihood, and mitigation effectiveness.
These risks are also prioritised based on the managing climate-related likelihood and significance of impact on the business as Tier 1 or Tier 2 risks.
risks.
c) How OUEH s processes for The Company has adopted a pragmatic approach to identify and prioritise risks faced.
identifying, assessing, and Following the development of the risk inventory and metrics, the risks are then shortlisted managing climate-related and validated through a stakeholder engagement process.
This process involved meetings risks are integrated into with OUEH s key internal stakeholders to understand the extent, scope, boundaries, time risk management.
horizon, and measurability of the risks.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 53 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT RISK MANAGEMENT OUEH has identified several business risks, including regulatory compliance and reputational risks.
Environmental and sustainability risk were not identified to have a significant impact on OUEH s business at the moment.
As such, potential climate-related risks such as flood risk have yet to be included in the current Risk Register & Risk Parameters.
The Company is taking steps to identify climate-related risks in FY2024 s Risk Register and Risk Parameters once the climate scenario analysis has been conducted.
After the completion of the climate scenario analysis, and as part of the ERM framework, the relevant climate-related risks have been identified, these climate-related risks will be regularly monitored and managed by the Company.
Furthermore, OUEH is also targeting to implement a separate and formal monitoring process to manage climate-related risks and ensure compliance with ESG requirements in FY2024.
The Group will continue to work closely with the Audit and Risk Committee (ARC) in FY2024 to develop appropriate internal controls to manage identified climate-related risks if they arise.
METRICS AND TARGETS a) The metrics used by OUEH The key metrics OUEH uses to assess and monitor climate-related risks are energy to assess climate-related consumption, Scope 2 GHG emissions and water consumption, where applicable.
risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and Under our Scope 1 inventory for FY2023, no fuel was consumed in stationary combustion risk management process.
and no refrigerants were topped up during the reporting period.
Whilst our Pharmaceutical b) OUEH s Scope 1, Scope 2, Business Office operates vehicles that use fuel for delivery purposes, we are in the process and, if appropriate, Scope of laying the data collection pipeline to collect mobile combustion data.
As we enhance 3 greenhouse gas ( GHG ) our climate-data collection processes, we will look to include more comprehensive Scope 1 emissions, and the related disclosures in our subsequent Sustainability Report.
risks.
c) The targets used by In FY2023, OUEH reports an absolute Scope 2 GHG emissions of 244,059.4 kgCO  from OUEH to manage its total electricity consumption.
The accounting methodology used for Scope 2 GHG climate-related risks and emissions is based on the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, an opportunities and the internationally recognised framework, to ensure that the emission figures reported were performance against consistent and accurate.
targets.
For FY2023, the Company was focused on collecting relevant data from our Singapore Corporate Office, Clinics under O2HG, Xi Nan Hospital, and Pharmaceutical business office in China to set its base year data.
With the operation of new hospitals in FY2023, the Company is moving from being an asset owner, to an asset owner and operator.
As the business is evolving, it is crucial to first obtain accurate and representative baseline data in FY2024, to inform the development of short-, medium- and long-term climate-related targets and strategies going forward.
Based on our environmental performance in FY2023, OUEH will set climate-related targets in the areas of energy, water, and Scope 2 intensity in FY2024, as part of our commitment to properly manage climate-related risks and impacts.
In FY2023, OUEH began aligning climate-related topics and metrics with the SASB Healthcare Delivery Industry Standards, in line with the International Financial Reporting Standards Foundations (IFRS) S2 guidelines.
Please refer to the Our Environment section on page 55 to 57 for more information.
Moving forward in FY2024, our environmental data will be reviewed and reported annually to enable the Company to assess the performance against OUEH s targets.
54 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED OUR ECONOMY FY2023 performance against Targets ACTIVE MANAGEMENT OF OPERATIONS Sustainability Impact Driven by Economic Performance FY2023 FY2023 FY2024 OUEH has a role to play as a healthcare service provider, in Targets Performance Targets improving the environmental, social and economic fabric of the communities where we operate in, including healthcare Review and Reviewed and Review and accessibility, and improving healthcare services delivery.
Our assess 100% of assessed 100% assess 100% of three-pronged corporate growth strategy has helped to our operations of operations of our operations strengthen our financial performance, which is a prerequisite and develop a O2HG, and Xi Nan and develop a to drive sustainability impacts.
More information on our three- maintenance and Hospital.
maintenance and pronged corporate strategy can be found on page 4 and 5 of CAPEX plan for CAPEX plan for our Annual Report.
each business.
each business.
In FY2023, the Group reported an annual gross revenue of S$ 159.3 million and annual gross profit of S$ 121.7 million.
Our OUR ENVIRONMENT full financial performance can be found on page 41 of our Annual Report.
Energy & Emissions We recognise that the healthcare industry is responsible Active Management of Operations for approximately 4% of global greenhouse gas emissions .
As we continue to set the pipelines to build an integrated As a company involved in healthcare operations and the regional healthcare business ecosystem, we prioritise active responsible management of healthcare assets, we believe management of our operations to ensure that our practices that tracking and controlling energy and emissions are crucial are sustainable, compliant, and anchored on the highest in fostering environmental sustainability and mitigating standards.
climate change.
Healthcare delivery plays a major role in contributing to climate change, as it is a highly energy For O2HG, the Company has put in place a bi-monthly intensive industry, due to the substantial electricity used to management meeting to review operational performance power operations, incinerating hazardous waste generated, of each clinic.
The bi-monthly management meeting and consumption of large amounts of resources, like medical comprises representatives from OUEH as well as key equipment and fuel used in healthcare service delivery and representatives from each medical specialist group to discuss transportation.
matters including financial, corporate, legal, compliance, administrative, branding, business development, marketing, OUEH is committed to play an active role in reducing our human resource and other operational issues.
The minutes of impact on energy consumption and carbon footprint.
each bi-monthly management meeting are also recorded.
Therefore, we have started to monitor and manage these metrics.
For Xi Nan Hospital, the Company has put in place a monthly review session between OUEH and the hospital management The total energy and electricity consumption across OUEH s to review all operational and clinical issues including but businesses for FY2023 was 1,614.6 gigajoules ( GJ ) and not limited to clinical governance, clinical services planning, 448.5 megawatt hours ( MWh ) respectively.
This translates to financial, corporate, legal, compliance, administrative, an electricity intensity of 84.8 kilowatt hour per square metre branding, sales, business development, marketing, and other ( kWh/m2 ).
operational issues.
Additionally, operational and clinical representatives from OUEH make regular and periodic trips per year to visit Xi Nan Hospital to validate operational and clinical processes and issues.
https://www.
weforum.org/agenda/2022/10/cop27-how-healthcare-can-reduce-carbon-footprint/ ANNUAL REPORT 2023 55 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT The breakdown of the energy consumption for OUEH s businesses are as follows: COUNTRY SINGAPORE CHINA OUEH Singapore 12 Clinics Pharmaceutical Business Xi Nan Hospital Corporate Office under O2HG Business Office Surface Area 255.0 592.1 4,000.0 440.0 (sqm) 12-month electricity 7.8 68.6 358.6 13.6 consumption (MWh) 12-month electricity 30.5 115.8 89.6 30.9 intensity (kWh/m ) In FY2023, OUEH reports an absolute Scope 2 GHG emissions of 244,059.4 kgCO  from its total electricity consumption.
Under our Scope 1 inventory, no fuel was consumed in backup generator sets and no refrigerants were topped up during the reporting period.
Whilst our Pharmaceutical Business Office operates vehicles that use fuel for delivery purposes, we are in the process of laying the data collection pipeline to collect mobile combustion data.
The breakdown of Scope 2 GHG emissions and intensity for OUEH s businesses are as follows: COUNTRY SINGAPORE CHINA OUEH Singapore 12 Clinics Pharmaceutical Business Xi Nan Hospital Corporate Office under O2HG Business Office Surface Area 255.0 592.1 4,000.0 440.0 (sqm) Absolute Scope 2 GHG 3,238.1 28,584.7 204,483.9 7,752.7 Emissions (kgCO ) 12-month Scope 2 12.7 48.3 51.1 17.6 intensity (kgCO /m ) 56 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED Water Water scarcity is a worldwide concern, and water is OUEH s second most consumed natural resource (with energy being first).
As OUEH s operations are water intensive and dependent on a reliable and clean water supply, especially for our hospital operations, it is vital that OUEH manages water efficiently and effectively.
Water drawn in Singapore and China for our operations are freshwater and from municipal sources.
The Company has placed heavy emphasis on prudent water management to reduce the risks of our operations being affected by water scarcity.
As our water consumption is largely attributed to the daily usage by our patients and employees, OUEH ensures that there is close collaboration with our stakeholders to advocate water efficiency and encourage responsible water usage on our hospital premises.
We communicate regularly with our stakeholders on water efficiency plans and improvements.
For FY2023, there were no incidents of non-compliance with water quality, permits, standards and applicable regulations.
Wastewater is directly discharged into the public sewerage system.
OUEH continues to comply with regulations and align with good practices as a result of having the right policies instituted right from the top.
In FY2023, OUEH s businesses reported a total water withdrawal of 11,866.2 cubic metres ( m ), which translates to a water intensity of 2.2 m  per square metre ( m /m ).
The breakdown of water consumption for OUEH s businesses are as follows: COUNTRY SINGAPORE CHINA OUEH Singapore 12 Clinics Pharmaceutical Business Xi Nan Hospital Corporate Office under O2HG Business Office Surface Area 255.0 592.1 4,000.0 440.0 (sqm) 12-month water OUEH Singapore consumption (m ) Corporate Office 45.2 11,756.0 65.0 is situated in a commercial building, and hence does not 12-month water incur water bills to 0.08 2.94 0.15 intensity (m /m ) track consumption.
Waste Effective waste management is vital for OUEH to ensure the safe disposal of medical waste, preventing environmental contamination and protecting public health.
Apart from safe disposal of hazardous waste, it is also crucial for OUEH to manage other types of non-hazardous waste well to avoid any negative impacts that may arise, such as pollution due to incineration or landfill.
Implementing proper waste disposal and recycling procedures also supports regulatory compliance, fosters a positive corporate image, and contributes to overall operational efficiency within the healthcare sector.
Due to the nature of how our offices are situated as tenants in commercial buildings, we have started to lay the pipelines for collecting both non-hazardous and hazardous waste data in FY2023, by putting in place relevant waste collection infrastructure and processes.
OUEH will continue to work towards setting these pipelines to collect accurate waste data, and these metrics will be reported in subsequent sustainability reports.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 57 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT OUR PEOPLE individuals with an impartial and fair recruitment process, based on their qualifications, competencies, experience Employee Engagement and assessed potential to contribute to the success of our Our employees are the key drivers of our success and business.
This process helps us to build a team of diverse the foundation for creating long-term growth and value and talented individuals who are dedicated and innovative.
of our business.
We are committed to build a competent We strictly do not tolerate any discrimination against age, team of employees, by continuously adapting to their gender, race, marital status, or religion.
concerns, investing in their growth via training and education opportunities, and ensuring a fair, inclusive and conducive Staff satisfaction and wellbeing is a priority for us, as it is working environment.
We hope to encourage personal often linked to higher productivity and retention rates.
To development and well-being, such that our employees promote satisfaction, we offer competitive remuneration continue to feel valued and motivated in their work.
To ensure packages and comprehensive benefits provided to our a positive and nurturing working environment, we adhere to full-time employees to further attract and retain our talents.
comprehensive HR policies and make sure they are applied Our full-time employees are entitled to various leaves of fairly and consistently across OUEH.
absences such as for family care, marriage, compassionate, prolonged illness, and disability.
They are also covered Fair Employment Practices (GRI 2-7, 2-8, 401) under a Group insurance that includes dental, hospital With fair employment practices in place, we will be and surgical, clinical and specialist outpatient treatment, able to attract and retain a talented pool of employees term life, and personal accident.
We also provide regular who are vital in generating long-term value for our health screenings and education support for our full-time stakeholders through their competencies and dedication.
employees.
All our corporate employees in Singapore will Poor employment practices, on the other hand, will pose a receive a monthly contribution to their Central Provident significant reputational risk among the investor and local Fund ( CPF ) in accordance with statutory requirements.
The communities.
Therefore, we are guided by OUEH s HR CPF is a mandatory social security savings scheme funded policies on employment conditions and conduct that covers by contributions from employers and employees, and it is expectations and policies related to topics such as fair used as a pension fund to serve our housing, healthcare and employment practices, unlawful harassment, disciplinary, retirement needs.
grievances, employee conduct, code of business conduct and ethics.
Our HR policy documents are communicated and As of 31 December 2023, our total headcount stands at acknowledged by all employees.
176 employees, and we employ 14 workers who are not considered our employees to deliver services for our OUEH also strictly adheres to the Tripartite Alliance for Fair operations.
While none of our employees are part of any and Progressive Employment Practices ( TAFEP ) guidelines workers  union, our HR policy ensures that they are not put and government employment legislation.
As an equal at a disadvantage where working conditions and terms of opportunity employer, we adopt robust recruitment and employment are fair.
talent development and retention practices.
Our recruitment practices ensure that we hire qualified and competent 58 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED Staff mix and diversity: Total number of employees by employee contract Total number of employees by employee contract (permanent and temporary) and gender (permanent and temporary) and region Male Female Singapore China Total 176 Total 176 176 176 119 116 57 60 0 0 Permanent Temporary Permanent Temporary Total number of employees by employee type (full-time, Total number of employees by employee type (full-time, part-time, and non-guaranteed hours ) and gender part-time, and non-guaranteed hours ) and region Male Female Singapore China Total 176 Total 176 163 163 115 104 59 48 13 13 4 12 9 1 Full-time Part-time Full-time Part-time   Non-guaranteed hours employees refer to casual employees, employees with zero-hour contracts, on-call employees.
We do not have non-guaranteed hours employees.
Non-guaranteed hours employees refer to casual employees, employees with zero-hour contracts, on-call employees.
We do not have non-guaranteed hours employees.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 59 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Number and percentage of individuals by employee category and gender Senior Management Middle Management Executives Non-Executives 61 36 31 20 21 3 2 2 Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female Senior Management Middle Management Male Female Male Female 35.7% 40% 60% 64.3% Executives Non-Executives Male Female Male Female 8.7% 33.7% 66.3% 91.3% 60 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED Number and percentage of individuals by employee category and age group Senior Management Middle Management Executives Non-Executives 45 37 29 18 18 11 9 5 3 0 0 1 < 30 30 50 > 50 < 30 30 50 > 50 < 30 30 50 > 50 < 30 30 50 > 50 Years Old Years Old Years Old Years Old Years Old Years Old Years Old Years Old Years Old Years Old Years Old Years Old Senior Management Middle Management < 30 Years Old 30 -50 Years Old > 50 Years Old < 30 Years Old 30 -50 Years Old > 50 Years Old 1.8% 32.1% 100% 66.1% Executives Non-Executives < 30 Years Old 30 -50 Years Old > 50 Years Old < 30 Years Old 30 -50 Years Old > 50 Years Old 13.1% 19.6% 31.5% 39.1% 47.8% 48.9% ANNUAL REPORT 2023 61 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Parental Leave Parental Leave, by Gender MALE FEMALE TOTAL Total No.
of employees entitled to Parental Leave 0 3 3 (only for employees with married status) Total No.
of employees that took Parental Leave 0 3 3 Total No.
of employees that returned to work in the reporting period after parental 0 3 3 leave ended (100% return rate) Total No.
of employees that returned to work in the reporting period after parental 0 3 3 leave ended that were still employed 12 months after their return to work (100% retention rate) Total number of new employee hires during FY2023, by age group, gender and region Age Group Gender Region Total 51 Total 51 Total 51 42 29 25 22 14 12 9 < 30 30 50 > 50 Male Female Singapore China Years Old Years Old Years Old Rate of new employee hires during FY2023, by age group, gender and region Age Group Gender Region < 30 Years Old 30 -50 Years Old Male Female Singapore China > 50 Years Old 8% 5.1% 12.5% 14.2% 23.9% 16.5% Total Total Total 6.8% 29% 29% 29% 62 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED Total number of employee turnover during FY2023, by age group, gender and region Age Group Gender Region Total 49 Total 49 Total 49 33 32 23 20 16 17 6 < 30 30 50 > 50 Male Female Singapore China Years Old Years Old Years Old Rate of employee turnover during FY2023, by age group, gender and region Age Group Gender Region < 30 Years Old 30 -50 Years Old Male Female Singapore China > 50 Years Old 3.4% 9.1% 9.7% 13.1% 18.8% 18.2% 11.4% Total Total Total 27.8% 27.8% 27.8% ANNUAL REPORT 2023 63 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Training and Development (GRI 3-3, 404) Average hours of training employees have undertaken It is crucial that our employees continuously uphold their during FY2023 by employee category expertise and knowledge so that they can provide the highest quality healthcare services to meet the ever- Employee Category changing needs of local communities.
We recognise Total 38.0 that robust career development and enhancing of our employees  skillsets are key factors to our success and 44.3 delivering sustainable, long-term value to our stakeholders.
35.0 Employment development is facilitated through learning 25.4 and training opportunities, conducting regular performance appraisals, and promoting an inclusive, engaged and learning culture.
All our permanent staff will undergo bi-annual performance appraisals with their reporting officers, whereby they are given feedback on their Senior Middle Executive & performance for improvement.
Their training interests management management Non-executive are identified in the process, and employees are then provided with relevant opportunities and training plans to upskill themselves.
The types of training At OUEH, we support and encourage our employees to conducted includes informal learning on the job, learn skills relevant to the ESG pillars.
While we organise coaching and mentoring, cross-functional projects, as internal trainings and courses by external training partners well as internal and external training programmes.
In in-house, employees who wish to attend external trainings FY2023, our employees attended various trainings to or courses can do so by submitting a Training Nomination enhance soft/technical skills and knowledge in areas Form for approval.
such as IT security, new joiner orientation, corporate governance, workplace health and safety, clinical/hospital Through our performance appraisals, we encourage management and data analytics, that suit their needs.
employees to express any concerns or expectations that they have on opportunities for promotion, advancement, Average hours of training employees have undertaken or higher remuneration, based on their job performance during FY2023 by gender and merit.
We hope to promote a safe and open discussion space between employees and their reporting officers, with an aim to strengthen employee engagement and Gender productivity.
Total Average 38.0 FY2023 performance against Targets 45.0 TRAINING & DEVELOPMENT 34.7 FY2023 FY2023 FY2024 Targets Performance Targets Conduct 100% We conducted Conduct 100% performance 100% performance performance appraisals appraisals for all appraisals for all staff.
eligible staff.
for all staff.
Male Female 64 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED Diversity, Inclusion and Non-Discrimination As of 31 December 2023, women make up about 67% of our OUEH recognises the importance of diversity and inclusion at workforce, with 14% of our governance body and 40% of our both the employee and governance body level, to create a senior management being females.
OUEH has a diversified safe and conducive working environment.
We are committed workforce across all age groups, nationalities, and gender, to foster a diverse and inclusive culture where we employ supporting our alignment to the UN SDG Goal 5 of  Gender qualified individuals without any discrimination relating to Equality .
age, gender, race, marital status, or religion.
All our staff, regardless of their background, identity or circumstance, are FY2023 performance against Targets valued, respected, and supported.
DIVERSITY, INCLUSION AND NON-DISCRIMINATION Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics states very clearly FY2023 FY2023 FY2024 that we have zero tolerance towards harassment, violence, Targets Performance Targets intimidation, and discrimination of any kind involving race, Zero incidents of We report zero Zero incidents of color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, discrimination.
incidents of discrimination.
disability or, where applicable, veteran, or marital status.
discrimination.
This principle of fairness and impartiality is also applied in our recruitment, retention and development programs of our employees, our service quality towards our customers, and Health & Safety - Occupational, customer & public other stakeholders.
Employees are also encouraged to report As a healthcare service provider, the safety of our any harassment or inappropriate behavior at the workplace operations and assets must be upheld to the highest via our grievance and/or whistleblowing mechanisms.
standards and conduct, so that we are able to deliver our services successfully.
Therefore, the health and safety of Percentage of individuals within the governance bodies our employees, customers, and stakeholders are of utmost by gender and age group importance.
We strive to create a safe and healthy working Gender environment, with the aim of enhancing well-being, morale, and productivity.
Male Female 12.5% Our corporate office in Singapore adopts the same Occupational Health and Safety ( OHS ) Management System and Workplace Safety and Health ( WSH ) Policy implemented by OUE Limited.
The OHS Management System and WSH Policy are governed and spearheaded by the newly established WSH Committee, which comprises of representations from the various business units of OUE.
The 87.5% WSH Committee has worked with a third-party consultant in FY2023 to roll out OUE s OHS Framework, that is in alignment with the Ministry of Manpower s WSH Act and the Age Group ISO 45001 Standards.
This OHS Framework, which includes WSH manuals and documentation, has been developed < 30 Years Old 30 -50 Years Old > 50 Years Old and curated for the OUE Group after consultation with the business units and departments of OUE.
Quarterly safety updates across the Group are also tabled to the Board of OUE Limited.
This Framework, alongside the manuals and documentation, will be rolled out to all employees in FY2024.
50% 50% All employees also undergo staff orientation and training programmes throughout the different stages of their careers, to build and refresh knowledge of OUE s WSH and OHS procedures.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 65 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT In China, Xi Nan Hospital has a set of internal policies that Number and Rate of Work-related Incidents incorporate the local OHS regulations and international best OTHER EMPLOYEES practice standards, committed to provide a safe and healthy WORKERS work environment.
The set of policies covers areas including hazard identification, risk assessment, hazardous material Number of injuries  0 0 handling and the use of personal protective equipment (PPE), incident reporting, quality improvement, emergency Number of 0 0 procedures, infection control.
All staff members are trained high-consequence injuries and educated to be familiar with the risk management system and the process of risk identification, risk assessment, Injury rate 0 0 and risk mitigation.
The staff members are to report identified (per million man-hours worked) risks and incidents to the hospital management via electronic systems in place and are protected against reprisals.
The High-consequence injury rate 0 0 management ensures the information related to the risk (per million man-hours worked) management system and processes are easily accessible in different formats, in both physical copies and virtual access.
Man-hours worked 361,454 0 In addition, the hospital management conduct regular safety walkabouts to proactively identify and mitigate risks within Number and Rate of Work-related Incidents the hospital.
OTHER EMPLOYEES WORKERS There are dedicated OHS personnel within the hospital who are responsible for a range of functions aimed at identifying Number of illnesses  0 0 hazards, minimizing risks, and ensuring compliance with OHS regulations.
These personnel will provide training and Illness rate 0 0 education, conduct audit and compliance check, policy (per million man-hours worked) enhancement, and actively participate in risk management processes.
There is also a robust incident management Man-hours worked 361,454 0 system in place, which includes root cause analysis and formulation of corrective action by a committee that consists of senior management and all the relevant OHS personnel FY2023 performance against Targets involve in relevant areas and processes.
HEALTH & SAFETY OUEH also provides our employees with comprehensive FY2023 FY2023 FY2024 Targets Performance Targets insurance coverage and dental care.
This allows our employees to take charge of their health and shows our Zero work-related There were zero Zero work-related commitment to promoting a healthy workforce.
We also injury and ill cases of work- injury and ill organize regular recreational activities outside of work to health recorded.
related injuries health recorded.
push for greater mental health wellness and team-bonding.
and ill-health.
In FY2023, we reported zero high-consequence work-related injuries or fatalities, and there were also zero incidents of Zero incidents of There were zero Zero incidents of work-related ill-health.
There were zero incidents of non- non-compliance cases of non- non-compliance compliance with health & safety regulations resulting in a with regulations compliance.
with regulations fine, penalty or warning.
OUEH is committed to ensure a safe concerning health concerning health and secure environment for our employees, customers, and and safety.
and safety.
stakeholders.
Injuries as defined by Ministry of Manpower, Singapore: Employees injured in a work accident or resulting in any one of the following: outpatient / hospitalisation leave, light duty, death   Illness as defined by Ministry of Manpower, Singapore: Occupational diseases resulting from exposure to hazards at work 66 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED Local Communities are required to sign a Certificate of Compliance as an Hospitals and healthcare service providers play an important acknowledgement of their understanding and commitment role in promoting sustainable development and improving to comply with the Code.
Once signed, employees are the social and economic fabric of the locations that they expected to uphold the principles of integrity in their operate in.
OUEH contributes to the well-being of the society business dealings and to refrain from any fraudulent or by providing quality healthcare services and education to the dishonest conduct throughout their tenure.
Throughout their local communities.
employment, they can access the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics through secured internal portals.
In 2023, we In FY2023, Xi Nan Hospital has recorded a total of 24 communicated our anti-corruption practices to 100% of our community service events and activities, including providing employees.
community medical services, health education, health lectures on senile diseases, carrying out health needs of the Compliance (GRI 3-3, 2-25, 2-26, 2-27) elderly and the disabled in the community and providing As a listed company on the Catalist of the SGX-ST, OUEH regular door-to-door services.
100% of our community service complies with the Catalist Rules, alongside the increasingly events and activities relate to local community development stringent laws, regulations, and requirements of healthcare programs based on local communities  needs.
establishments to ensure the safety and well-being of our customers.
It is essential that we are kept abreast of FY2023 performance against Targets the changing regulatory landscape as the risks of non- compliance with the relevant laws and regulations may LOCAL COMMUNITIES include disruptions to our operations, litigation, fines, FY2023 FY2023 FY2024 reputational loss and revocation of our license to operate.
Targets Performance Targets With our operations spanning across different regions in Asia, Maintain more 24 community Maintain more we make sure that we prioritise compliance with local and than 20 events service events than 20 events applicable laws and regulations.
of community and activities of community service work.
service work.
To further ensure that non-compliance is efficiently mitigated, we encourage our employees to identify and report any misconduct or non-compliance to the Group Ethical Officer OUR GOVERNANCE nominated by OUEH.
OUEH s whistle-blowing policy provides channels to reach the Group Ethical Officer, for employees to Business Conduct (GRI 3-3, 205) raise concerns in good faith on misconduct or wrongdoings Robust corporate governance and responsible business in a confidential manner, without fear of reprisals in any conduct form the foundation for a successful business.
OUEH form.
The channels include by mail or via a dedicated email is committed to uphold the values of responsibility, integrity, address at groupethicalofficer@ouelh.com.
We take all and respect for our society and the countries where we complaints and concerns reported in good faith seriously and operate in.
This helps to establish our credibility, transparency, they are kept strictly confidential.
and reputation as a healthcare service provider.
OUEH also has a grievance mechanism in place, whereby Our corporate policies and sustainability commitments are employees can raise concerns and seek remediation built upon strong ethical business principles, responsible if they have been negatively impacted.
This includes conduct, and compliance.
We have a comprehensive harassment, inappropriate behaviour, or if their rights ethics and compliance framework in place that allows us have been compromised in any way.
The procedure of the to navigate through stringent regulatory expectations and grievance mechanism is communicated through our HR sustain the trust and confidence from our stakeholders.
policy document  OUELH-HR-Policy-0010 , which is also acknowledged by all employees.
We hope to promote a safe Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics outlines the and inclusive working space, whereby open discussions are expectations, principles, and practices of employees and supported without fear of retaliation.
members of the Board on issues such as anti-corruption, fraud, bribery, segregation of duties and anti-competitive In FY2023, we received zero grievance cases and whistle- conduct among others.
This is made available to employees blowing cases.
We also report zero confirmed incidents of upon the commencement of employment, and they corruption and non-compliance.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 67 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2023 performance against Targets tasks, ensuring the security of corporate data has become unprecedentedly complex.
IT has deployed Mobile Device CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND COMPLIANCE Management (MDM) enabling remote wiping of emails FY2023 FY2023 FY2024 from any connected device, the enforcement of passcode Targets Performance Targets requirements, and preventing access to emails and Zero confirmed There were Zero confirmed documents according to company policies.
cases of zero cases of cases of corruption.
corruption.
corruption.
Additionally, IT has switched to Veeam for better encryption and immutable backup to further protect sensitive Zero confirmed There were zero Zero confirmed and confidential information from ransomware.
The incidents of cases of non- incidents of non- comprehensive information security awareness training non- compliance in compliance.
compliance in both programme is provided annually to our employees and is both environmental environmental and extended to our vendors and contractors, if appropriate.
and socioeconomic socioeconomic The training programme covers topics on IT security policies, regulations, regulations, standards and procedures, individual responsibilities for IT that would that would security, measures needed to safeguard information, and result in fines or result in fines or relevant laws, regulations and guidelines on IT security.
To non-monetary non-monetary educate our employees on sound cyber security practices, sanctions.
sanctions.
OUE has implemented a mandatory cyber security awareness employee training quiz, and disseminates regular cyber Customer Privacy security awareness newsletters.
OUE has also conducted a The privacy of our customers is our priority, as we hold phishing simulation exercise at the OUE Group level.
sensitive and confidential information such as health data and personal details.
We are committed to protect our At the property level, CPCA Information Security conducts at customers  data, in order to ensure their assurance and least one training a year as part of an information security security.
With technological advancements, cyberattacks awareness programme.
We understand the importance of are becoming more prevalent and complex.
Data breaches protection of personal data in the digital age.
are taken very seriously at OUEH, as they will result in very significant financial impact and reputational damage.
It OUEH also adheres to the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 is imperative that we are adequately prepared for any (the  PDPA ) and implements various measures to comply potential attacks by adopting robust and comprehensive with the PDPA, as documented in the Personal Data Protection data protection and security policies and processes.
Compliance Manual ( Manual ) of the wider OUE Group.
All our employees are contractually required to comply with the As part of the OUE Group, OUEH abides by the necessary Manual and report any suspected data breach to the OUE Information Technology ( IT ) policies, procedures and Group Data Protection Officer.
control environment of OUE Group to mitigate cyber security and data breaches risks.
OUE s IT team is responsible for In FY2023, we had zero incidents of data breaches with our analysing cyber security risks and identifying any gaps in comprehensive data protection measures in place.
internal controls as well as implementing action plans to manage the risk.
Key principles such as segregation of duties, FY2023 performance against Targets the never alone principle and access control principle are CUSTOMER PRIVACY upheld in our operations to maintain adequate internal FY2023 FY2023 FY2024 control.
IT has also adopted a Zero Trust architecture Targets Performance Targets network defence framework with high availability logical network segregation and continuous network traffic Zero incidents There were zero Zero incidents monitoring and logging.
Vulnerability Assessment and of substantiated cases of data of substantiated Penetration Testing (VAPT) is also performed by an complaints.
breaches and complaints.
external party annually.
With more devices in the modern complaints.
workplace than ever before, each being used for different 68 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED GRI CONTENT INDEX OUE Healthcare has reported in accordance with the GRI Standards for the period STATEMENT OF USE 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023.
GRI 1 USED GRI 1: Foundation 2021 APPLICABLE GRI SECTOR Not Applicable STANDARD(S) OMISSION Gri Standard/ DISCLOSURE LOCATION REQUIREMENT(S) Other Source REASON EXPLANATION OMITTED General Disclosures GRI 2: 2-1 Organizational Board Statement, page 43 General details Disclosures About OUE Healthcare Limited > 2021 Who We Are, page 43 2-2 Entities included About This Report, page 44   45 in the organization s sustainability reporting 2-3 Reporting About This Report, page 44   45 period, frequency and contact point 2-4 Restatements of There has been no restatement of figures information or information disclosed in our previous report.
2-5 External About This Report, page 45 assurance 2-6 Activities, About OUE Healthcare Limited > Who value chain and We Are and Who We Want To Be, page other business 43   44 relationships 2-7 Employees Our People > Employee Engagement > Fair Employment Practices, page 58   63 2-8 Workers who are Our People > Employee Engagement > not employees Fair Employment Practices, page 58 2-9 Governance Sustainability at OUE Healthcare > structure and Sustainability Governance, page 45   46 composition Annual Report > Board Of Directors, page 14   18 Corporate Governance Report > Board Composition and Guidance, page 80   84 2-10 Nomination Corporate Governance Report > Board and selection of the Membership, page 85   88 highest governance body ANNUAL REPORT 2023 69 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT OMISSION Gri Standard/ DISCLOSURE LOCATION REQUIREMENT(S) Other Source REASON EXPLANATION OMITTED 2-11 Chair of the Corporate Governance Report > highest governance Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, body page 85 2-12 Role of the Sustainability at OUE Healthcare > highest governance Sustainability Governance, page 45   46 body in overseeing the management of impacts 2-13 Delegation of Sustainability at OUE Healthcare > responsibility for Sustainability Governance, page 45   46 managing impacts 2-14 Role of the The Board has reviewed and approved of highest governance this report, including the material topics, body in sustainability in FY2023.
reporting 2-15 Conflicts of Sustainability at OUE Healthcare > interest Sustainability Governance, page 46 Corporate Governance Report > The Board s Conduct of Affairs, page 76   77 2-16 Communication Our Governance > Compliance, page 67 of critical concerns 2-17 Collective Sustainability at OUE Healthcare > knowledge of the Sustainability Governance, page 46 highest governance body Corporate Governance Report > The Board s Conduct of Affairs, page 77   78 2-18 Evaluation of The Nominating and Remuneration the performance Committee is responsible for of the highest conducting a formal appraisal governance body process of the Board and enhance the overall effectiveness of the Directors.
As the Board retains oversight of the organization s impacts on the economy, governance, and people, the evaluation implicitly includes review of performance in these areas.
Corporate Governance Report > Board Performance, page 89 2-19 Remuneration Corporate Governance Report, policies Remuneration Matters, page 90   93 2-20 Process Corporate Governance Report, to determine Remuneration Matters, page 90   93 remuneration While there is no voting of stakeholders on remuneration policies and proposals, our Directors  fees are subjected to the approval by our shareholders at the forthcoming AGM.
70 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED OMISSION Gri Standard/ DISCLOSURE LOCATION REQUIREMENT(S) Other Source REASON EXPLANATION OMITTED 2-21 Annual total Sub-requirement Confidentiality Not disclosed due compensation ratio (a): Report the ratio Constraints to confidentiality of the annual total constraints.
compensation for the Given that OUE organization s highest- Healthcare paid individual to the operates in a median annual total highly competitive compensation for all business employees (excluding the environment highest-paid individual); and considering the commercial (b): report the ratio sensitivity of of the percentage remuneration increase in annual total information, we will compensation for the not be reporting organization s highest- this information to paid individual to the ensure stability and median percentage continuity of our increase in annual total operations.
compensation for all employees (excluding the highest-paid individual); (c): report contextual information necessary to understand the data and how the data has been compiled.
2-22 Statement Board Statement, page 43 on sustainable development strategy 2-23 Policy Disclosed throughout Sustainability commitments Report 2023 2-24 Embedding Disclosed throughout Sustainability policy commitments Report 2023 2-25 Processes to Our Governance > Compliance, page 67 remediate negative impacts 2-26 Mechanisms Our Governance > Compliance, page 67 for seeking advice and raising concerns 2-27 Compliance Our Governance > Compliance, with laws and page 67   68 regulations 2-28 Membership OUE Healthcare does not hold associations a significant role in any industry associations or advocacy organisation.
2-29 Approach Sustainability at OUE Healthcare > to stakeholder Stakeholder Engagement, page 47   48 engagement 2-30 Collective Our People > Employee Engagement > bargaining Fair Employment Practices, page 58 agreements ANNUAL REPORT 2023 71 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT OMISSION Gri Standard/ DISCLOSURE LOCATION REQUIREMENT(S) Other Source REASON EXPLANATION OMITTED Material topics GRI 3: Material 3-1 Process to Sustainability at OUE Healthcare > Topics 2021 determine material Materiality Assessment, page 49 topics 3-2 List of material Sustainability at OUE Healthcare > topics Materiality Assessment, page 50   52 Sustainability Impact Driven by Economic Performance GRI 3: Material 3-3 Management of Our Economy > Sustainability Impact Topics 2021 material topics Driven by Economic Performance, page 55 GRI 201: 201-1 Direct Our Economy > Sustainability Impact Economic economic value Driven by Economic Performance, Performance generated and page 55 2016 distributed Annual Report > 3-year Financial Highlights, page 41 Active Management of Operations GRI 3: Material 3-3 Management of Our Economy > Active Management of Topics 2021 material topics Operations, page 55 Corporate Governance and Compliance GRI 3: Material 3-3 Management of Our Governance > Business Conduct, Topics 2021 material topics page 67 GRI 205: Anti- 205-3 Confirmed Our Governance > Compliance, page 67 Corruption incidents of 2016 corruption and actions taken Employee Engagement GRI 3: Material 3-3 Management of Our People, Employee Engagement > Fair Topics 2021 material topics Employment Practices, page 58 GRI 401: 401-1 New employee Our People, Employee Engagement > Fair Employment hires and employee Employment Practices, page 62   63 2016 turnover 401-2 Benefits Our People, Employee Engagement > Fair provided to full-time Employment Practices, page 58 employees that are not provided to temporary or part- time employees 401-3 Parental leave Our People, Employee Engagement > Fair Employment Practices, page 62 Health and Safety   Occupational, customer & public GRI 3: Material 3-3 Management of Our People > Health & Safety   Topics 2021 material topics Occupational, customer & public, page 65   66 72 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED OMISSION Gri Standard/ DISCLOSURE LOCATION REQUIREMENT(S) Other Source REASON EXPLANATION OMITTED GRI 403: 403-1 Occupational Our People > Health & Safety   Occupational health and safety Occupational, customer & public, Health and management page 65 Safety 2018 system 403-2 Hazard Our People > Health & Safety   identification, risk Occupational, customer & public, assessment, and page 66 incident investigation 403-3 Occupational Our People > Health & Safety   health services Occupational, customer & public, page 65   66 403-5 Worker Our People > Health & Safety   training on Occupational, customer & public, occupational health page 65   66 and safety 403-6 Promotion of Our People > Health & Safety   worker health Occupational, customer & public, page 66 403-9 Work-related Our People > Health & Safety   injuries Occupational, customer & public, page 66 403-10 Work-related Our People > Health & Safety   ill health Occupational, customer & public, page 66 Employees Engagement GRI 3: Material 3-3 Management of Our People > Employee Engagement > Topics 2021 material topics Training and Development, page 64 GRI 404: 404-1 Average hours Our People > Employee Engagement > Training and of training per year Training and Development, page 64 Education 2016 per employee 404-2 Programs for Our People > Employee Engagement > upgrading employee Training and Development, page 64 skills and transition assistance programs 404-3 Percentage Our People > Employee Engagement > of employees Training and Development, page 64 receiving regular performance and career development reviews Diversity, Inclusion and Non-discrimination GRI 3: Material 3-3 Management of Our People > Diversity, Inclusion and Topics 2021 material topics Non-discrimination, page 65 GRI 405: 405-1 Diversity of Our People > Diversity, Inclusion and Non- Diversity governance bodies discrimination, page 65 and Equal and employees Opportunity Our People > Fair Employment Practices, 2016 page 60   61 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 73 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT OMISSION Gri Standard/ DISCLOSURE LOCATION REQUIREMENT(S) Other Source REASON EXPLANATION OMITTED Diversity, Inclusion and Non-discrimination GRI 3: Material 3-3 Management of Our People > Diversity, Inclusion and Topics 2021 material topics Non-discrimination, page 65 GRI 406: Non- 406-1 Incidents of Our People > Diversity, Inclusion and discrimination discrimination and Non-discrimination, page 65 2016 corrective actions taken Local Communities GRI 3: Material 3-3 Management of Our People > Local Communities, page 67 Topics 2021 material topics GRI 413: Local 413-1 Operations with Our People > Local Communities, page 67 Communities local community 2016 engagement, impact assessments, and development programs Health and Safety   Occupational, customer & public GRI 3: Material 3-3 Management of Our People > Health & Safety   Topics 2021 material topics Occupational, customer & public, page 65   66 416-2 Incidents of Our People > Health & Safety   non-compliance Occupational, customer & public, concerning the page 66 health and safety impacts of products and services Customer Privacy GRI 3: Material 3-3 Management of Our Governance > Customer Privacy, Topics 2021 material topics page 68 GRI 418: 418-1 Substantiated Our Governance > Customer Privacy, Customer complaints page 68 Privacy 2016 concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data SASB CONTENT INDEX Healthcare Delivery Industry Standards TOPIC SASB CODE METRICS CATEGORY UNIT OF MEASURE 2023 (1) Total energy HC-DY-130a.
1 Quantitative Gigajoules (GJ) 1,614.6 consumed Energy (2) Percentage grid HC-DY-130a.
1 Quantitative Percentage (%) 100% Management electricity (3) Percentage Quantitative Percentage (%) 0% renewable 74 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED GOVERNANCE, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & OTHER INFORMATION 76 117 Corporate Governance Notes to the Financial Report Statements 101 228 Directors  Statement Statistics of Shareholdings 104 229 Independent Auditors  Substantial Shareholders Report 231 109 Public Float Statements of Financial Position 232 Additional Information 111 on Directors Seeking Consolidated Statement Re-appointment of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income 112 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 114 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ANNUAL REPORT 2023 75 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT The board of directors (the  Board  or the  Directors ) of OUE Healthcare Limited (the  Company , and together with its subsidiaries, the  Group ) is committed to uphold high standards of corporate governance and business integrity in all its business activities, which is essential for long-term sustainability and the enhancement of shareholder value.
This corporate governance report ( Report ) describes the Company s corporate governance practices during the financial year ended 31 December 2023 ( FY2023 ), with specific reference to the principles of the Singapore Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the  Code ) issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore and the disclosure guide developed by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ( SGX-ST ) in January 2015.
The Company is pleased to report that it has complied in all material aspects with the principles and provisions as set out in the Code.
To the extent that there are any deviations from the provisions of the Code, the Company has provided explanations for such deviations and the details of the alternative practices adopted by the Company which are consistent with the intent of the relevant principles of the Code.
Outlined below are the policies, processes and practices adopted by the Group in compliance with the principles and spirit of the Code.
BOARD MATTERS Principle 1: The Board s Conduct of Affairs The Primary Functions of the Board The Company is headed by an effective Board comprising a majority of Non-Executive Directors to lead and control the Company.
The Board is supported by two board committees, namely the Audit and Risk Committee ( ARC ) and the Nominating and Remuneration Committee ( NRC  and together with the ARC, the  Board Committees ).
The principal roles and responsibilities of the Board include:   providing entrepreneurial leadership, setting strategic objectives and ensuring that the necessary financial and human resources are in place for the Company to meet its objectives;   establishing a framework of prudent and effective controls which enables risks to be assessed and managed, including the safeguarding of shareholders  interests and the Group s assets;   reviewing the performance of the management of the Company ( Management );   identifying key stakeholder groups and recognising that their perceptions affect the Company s reputation;   setting the Company s values and standards (including ethical standards), and ensuring that obligations to shareholders and other stakeholders (including creditors) are understood and met; and   considering sustainability issues (including environmental and social factors) as part of the Company s overall strategy.
Directors  Objective Discharge of Duties and Declaration of Interests (Provision 1.1 of the Code) The Board recognises that Directors are fiduciaries who should act objectively in the best interests of the Company and hold the Management accountable for performance.
As such, any Director who has, or appears to have, a direct or deemed interest that may conflict with a subject matter under discussion by the Board will declare his interest and, where necessary, recuse himself from the information flow and discussion of the subject matter.
He will abstain or refrain from any decision-making on the subject matter.
76 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT The Company has in place a written policy which sets out general principles to guide the Directors in instances of actual or potential conflicts of interest.
This policy serves to (i) emphasise the Company s commitment to ethics and compliance with the law, (ii) foster a culture of honesty and accountability, (iii) highlight areas of ethical risk to the Board and each of its Directors, and (iv) provide guidance to the Directors to help them recognise and handle situations of conflict.
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (Provision 1.1 of the Code) Separately, the Company has in place a code of business conduct and ethics ( Code of Conduct & Ethics ) which its Directors and the Group s employees are required to observe.
The Code of Conduct & Ethics embodies the Group s commitment to conduct its businesses in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and the highest ethical standards and provides a communicable and understandable framework for all Directors and the employees of the Group to observe the principles of honesty, integrity, responsibility and accountability at all levels of the organisation and in their relationships with customers, suppliers and amongst employees of the Group, including situations where there are potential conflict of interests.
The Code of Conduct & Ethics also stipulates the procedures for employees of the Group to report incidents of existing or potential violation of the Code of Conduct & Ethics and provides protection for employees of the Group who made such disclosures.
All Directors and employees of the Group are required to read and acknowledge the Code of Conduct & Ethics upon the commencement of his or her appointment or employment.
Subsequent revision or amendments to the Code of Conduct & Ethics would need to be approved by the Board and disseminated to the Directors and employees of the Group for their attention.
Board Orientation and Training (Provision 1.2 of the Code) The NRC makes recommendations to the Board on relevant matters relating to the review of training and professional development programmes for the Board.
Newly appointed Directors will undergo an orientation session conducted by the Management to familiarise themselves with the business, operations and financial performance of the Group, and they will also be briefed on the Company s governance practices, including directors  duties, board processes, policies on disclosure of interest in securities, prohibition on dealings in the Company s securities and restrictions on disclosure of price-sensitive and trade-sensitive information.
The new Director will also have access to a secured online resource centre containing information and documents relating to the Company including its constitutional documents, the terms of reference of the Board Committees, its relevant policies and procedures, as well as a Board and Board Committee meeting calendar for the year and minutes and meeting packs of all Board and Board Committee meetings in the past three (3) years.
For a better understanding of the Group s business, the Directors are also given the opportunity to visit the operational facilities of the Group.
Mr. Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman was appointed to the Board on 2 January 2024, and he had completed the orientation session as at the date of this Report.
In addition to the induction described above, as required under the SGX-ST Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist ( Catalist Rules ), a Director who has no prior experience as a director of a company listed on the SGX-ST must, undergo training as prescribed by the SGX-ST within one (1) year from the date of his appointment to the Board, which includes attending certain specific core and elective modules of the Listed Entity Director ( LED ) Programme conducted by the Singapore Institute of Directors ( SID ), or the mandatory classes and modules of the Board Of Directors (BOD) Masterclass Programme conducted by the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants and SAC Capital in order to acquire relevant knowledge of what is expected of a director of a listed company.
Completion of the LED Programme or the Board Of Directors (BOD) Masterclass Programme, which focuses on comprehensive training of company directors on compliance, regulatory and corporate governance matters, seeks to provide first-time Directors with a broad understanding of the roles and responsibilities of a director of a listed company and the requirements under the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore ( Companies Act ), the Catalist Rules and the Code.
Mr. Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman is not required to complete the LED Programme or the Board Of Directors (BOD) Masterclass Programme as he has prior experience as a director of a company listed on the Catalist of the SGX-ST.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 77 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT The Company arranges for the Board to be updated regularly on risk management, corporate governance, insider trading, and the key changes in the relevant regulatory requirements and financial reporting standards, so as to enable the Directors to keep pace with the new laws, regulations and changing commercial risks and to discharge their duties effectively as members of the Board and where applicable, Board Committees.
The Board is also provided with regular updates on the Group s action plans in respect of the countries that the Group operates in (including the People s Republic of China and Myanmar) whenever there may be material developments, such as political instability.
Pursuant to Rule 720(6) of the Catalist Rules, all Directors have undergone training on sustainability matters as prescribed by the SGX-ST to equip themselves with essential knowledge on sustainability matters.
The Company encourages its Directors to attend training courses organised by the SID, the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants and SAC Capital or other training institutions in connection with their duties.
The Directors are also given unrestricted access to professionals for consultation whenever they deem necessary.
The Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) routinely updates the Board at relevant Board meetings on business and strategic developments relating to the industry that the Group operates in.
The Directors are at liberty to request further explanations, briefings or informal discussions on any aspect of the Company s operations or business issues from the Management.
In 2023, the Directors attended an in-house training session conducted by external speakers, which included the following topics: 1.
recent issues affecting real estate investment trusts; and 2.
geopolitical and macroeconomic update.
Board Approval (Provision 1.3 of the Code) The Company has adopted internal guidelines and a framework of delegated authorisation, as set out in its Limits of Authority ( LOA ).
The LOA sets out the procedures and levels of authorisation required for specified transactions such as the approval limits for operating and capital expenditure.
The LOA also stipulates a list of matters specifically reserved for the Board s approval, including approval of annual business plans, operating budgets, statutory accounts, declaration of interim and final dividends, material transactions (namely, major acquisitions and disposals), joint ventures, strategic alliances, investment proposals, obtaining of banking facilities and all actions related to changes in capital of the Company.
Any amendments to the LOA proposed by the Management shall be approved by the Board.
Delegation by the Board (Provision 1.4 of the Code) Each Board Committee is governed by clear terms of reference setting out its respective duties and authority, all of which have been approved by the Board.
Each Board Committee reports key matters to the Board at Board meetings.
However, all important decisions in relation to the Company are still made by the Board.
Please refer to the sections on Principles 4, 5, 6, 7 and 10 in this Report for further information on the activities of the Board Committees.
In addition, the Company has constituted a Healthcare Operations Council comprising healthcare management professionals to provide guidance to the Company and Board on matters relating to the Group s medical operations and clinical management.
78 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Directors  Attendance for Board and Board Committee Meetings (Provision 1.5 of the Code) The Board conducts scheduled meetings on a quarterly basis and ad-hoc meetings are convened whenever the need arises.
The Board met seven (7) times in 2023, which were held either by way of teleconference or video conference, or in the form of a hybrid meeting with physical attendance and teleconference or video conference.
The Company s constitution (the  Constitution ) and/or the written terms of reference of the Board Committees (as the case may be) allows for Board and Board Committee meetings to be held by means of teleconference or video conference by which all Directors participating in the meetings are able to hear and be heard by or to communicate with each other.
In respect of significant matters passed via circular resolutions, Directors may raise questions and seek clarification through discussion forums with the Management.
All Directors (including Directors with other board representations) ensure that they are able to give sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the Company.
The report on Directors  attendance for Board and Board Committee meetings as well as general meetings (including the Annual General Meeting) held in 2023 is set out below: Number of meetings attended in 2023 General Name of Director Board ARC NRC Meetings Mr. Lee Yi Shyan 7 - 1 1 Mr. Brian Riady (1) 7 - - 1 Mr. Tetsuya Fujimoto 7 - - 1 Mr. Yet Kum Meng 7 - - 1 Mr. Roger Tan Chade Phang 7 4 1 1 Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin 7 4 1 1 Mr. Jackson Tay Eng Kiat 7 4 1 1 Ms. Usha Ranee Chandradas 7 4 - 1 Mr. Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman (2) - - - - Number of meetings held in 2023 7 4 1 1 Notes: (1) Mr. Brian Riady resigned from the Board with effect on and from 2 January 2024.
(2) Mr. Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman was appointed to the Board with effect on and from 2 January 2024.
Between 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2023, seven (7) Board meetings were held.
Mr. Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman did not attend the seven (7) Board meetings as they were held before the effective date of his appointment.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 79 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Complete, Adequate and Timely Information (Provision 1.6 of the Code) To ensure that the Board is able to discharge its responsibilities and make informed decisions, the Management endeavours to provide the Board with complete, adequate and timely information prior to Board meetings and on an ongoing basis.
Such information includes Board papers and related materials, background or explanatory information relating to matters to be brought before the Board, and summaries of disclosure documents, budgets, forecasts and periodic financial statements.
The Management is also required to furnish any additional information when requested by the Board and/or when the need arises.
In line with the Company s sustainability efforts and efforts for technological advancement, the Directors access and read Board and Board Committees papers using electronic devices to reduce paper waste.
The Company Secretary and/or his representatives attend all Board meetings.
Together with the Management, the Company Secretary is responsible for ensuring that appropriate Board procedures are followed and that the requirements of the Companies Act and the Catalist Rules are complied with.
Access to Management, Company Secretary and Independent Professional Advice (Provision 1.7 of the Code) The Directors are also provided with the contact details of the Management and the Company Secretary to facilitate separate and independent access.
The Directors, whether as a group or individually, also have the right to seek independent legal and other professional advice, at the Company s expense, concerning any aspect of the Group s operations or undertakings in order to properly and adequately discharge each of his duties and responsibilities as a Director of the Company.
The appointment and removal of the Company Secretary is a matter for the Board to decide on as a whole.
Principle 2: Board Composition and Guidance Board Independence (Provisions 2.1, 2.2 and 2.3 of the Code) The Board currently has eight (8) Directors, comprising seven (7) Non-Executive Directors.
As the majority of the Board currently comprises Non-Executive Directors, Provision 2.3 of the Code which requires that Non-Executive Directors shall make up a majority of the Board is thus satisfied.
The Company is satisfied that it has a strong and independent element on the Board.
The independence of each of the Directors has been assessed by the Board (after taking into account the NRC s views) in accordance with the requirements under Rule 406(3)(d) of the Catalist Rules, the Code and the accompanying Practice Guidance.
Under the Code, an independent director is one who is independent in conduct, character and judgement, and has no relationship with the Company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the director s independent business judgement in the best interests of the Company.
80 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Board Composition, Diversity and Balance Matrix (as at 31 December 2023) Independence Gender Diversity 12.5% 12.5% Independent and Female Non-Executive Director Male Non-Independent 37.5% 50% and Non-Executive Director Executive Director 87.5% Age Group Tenure 12.5% 12.5% 30 - 39 1 - 4 years 37.5% 40 - 49 4 - 8 years 62.5% 37.5% 37.5% 50 - 59 60 - 69 In reviewing the independence of a director, the NRC takes into consideration, in particular, the Director s objective participation in the Board meetings and whether he or she has any relationship with the Company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers that could interfere or be reasonably perceived to interfere with his or her independent judgement.
Out of the seven (7) Non-Executive Directors, the NRC considers Mr. Roger Tan Chade Phang, Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin, Mr. Jackson Tay Eng Kiat and Ms. Usha Ranee Chandradas to be independent and free from any material or financial connection with the Company.
As the Independent Directors comprise at least one-third of the Board, Rule 406(3)(c) of the Catalist Rules is satisfied.
Although the provision of the Code that Independent Directors shall make up a majority of the Board where the Chairman is not an Independent Director is not satisfied, the Independent Directors comprise 50% of the Board and the Board has a Lead Independent Director, Mr. Roger Tan Chade Phang, to provide leadership in situations where the Chairman is conflicted.
There is no Independent Director who has served more than nine (9) years since the date of his or her first appointment.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 81 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Board Composition, Size and Diversity (Provision 2.4 of the Code and Catalist Rule 710A) As at 31 December 2023, the Board comprised the following Directors: Mr. Lee Yi Shyan Non-Independent and Non-Executive Chairman ( Chairman ) Mr. Brian Riady Non-Independent Non-Executive Director Mr. Tetsuya Fujimoto Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director Mr. Yet Kum Meng Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director Mr. Roger Tan Chade Phang Lead Independent and Non-Executive Director Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin Independent and Non-Executive Director Mr. Jackson Tay Eng Kiat Independent and Non-Executive Director Ms. Usha Ranee Chandradas Independent and Non-Executive Director As required under Rule 710A(1) of the Catalist Rules, the Code and based on the recommendation of the NRC, the Board has approved the adoption of a board diversity policy (the  Board Diversity Policy ) which takes into account relevant measurable objectives such as skills, management experience, gender, age, ethnicity and other relevant factors in the composition of the Board.
The Board Diversity Policy sets out various factors, including but not limited to skills, experience, cultural and educational background, gender, age, knowledge, length of service and other qualities of the members of the Board, which will be considered in determining the optimum composition of the Board.
All Board appointments will be based on merit and contribution, having regard to the benefits of diversity on the Board and the needs of the Board without focusing on a single diversity aspect and with the objective of avoiding groupthink and fostering constructive debate.
The NRC is responsible for and monitors the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy and will regularly review objectives for its implementation and monitor progress towards the achievement thereof.
The Board, through the NRC, from time to time and at least on a yearly basis, examines its structure, size and diversity to ensure that the Directors, as a group, provide the appropriate balance and mix of skills, knowledge and experience for effective decision making, taking into account the scope and nature of the operations of the Company, the Board Diversity Policy and the need for succession planning.
Based on the particulars and background of each Director, a table consolidating all relevant information of the Directors (such as skills and knowledge supported by their qualifications and experiences, gender and age) is discussed at the NRC meeting and then shared with the entire Board.
The Board comprises Directors of ages ranging from early 30s to 60s and who have served on the Board for different tenures.
Please see below for further details on the board composition and diversity.
The  Board Composition, Diversity and Balance Matrix  set out below provides a detailed breakdown of the experience, background and diversity of the Board.
Moving forward, the Company aims to have at least 25% of its Board consist of female directors.
This would allow for a more significant female representation on the Board, and the Company targets to achieve this in the course of its Board s succession and renewal process by no later than 2030, by ensuring that females are included for consideration when identifying suitable candidates for new appointment to the Board.
To develop and execute the Company s three-pronged strategy of establishing strategic partnerships, building an asset- light business and growing its Pan-Asian presence, as well as to discharge its fiduciary duties of governance, compliance, risk management and others, the Board currently comprises members with diversified nationalities, backgrounds and core competencies, including in areas such as strategic planning, healthcare management, business management, corporate management, cross-border experiences, investment and finance professional expertise, overseas working experiences, and international business networking.
Please refer to the  Board Skills Matrix  set out below for a breakdown of the skills, knowledge and experience of the Board.
82 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT The Board takes the view that expertise in medical operation Board Skills Matrix Highlights of the and clinical management should best reside with healthcare Directors professionals on the ground with in-depth local experience Financial and knowledge.
Accordingly, separate local management Legal teams have been assembled with appropriate skills, expertise Governance Audit Experience and experiences for its businesses in various locations.
Such Business / Commercial local management teams are led by healthcare management Business Growth professionals with decades of healthcare experience in China Executive Management and Myanmar.
International Experience Listed Company Environment Hence, the NRC is of the view that the current Board and Board Mergers & Acquisitions Committees comprise persons who, as a group, provide the Project Management capabilities required for the Board and Board Committees to Healthcare / Hospital Management be effective.
The Board concurred with the NRC s view and is Risk and Compliance of the opinion that the Board s current composition provides Stakeholder Communication an appropriate balance and diversity of skills, experience, Strategy and Planning and knowledge of the Company, contributing to improved Fund Management risk management and more robust decision-making for the strategic future of the Company.
Through active participation during Board meetings, the Directors constructively and judiciously challenge the proposals and assumptions of the Management.
Together with the Management s (including the Executive Director) extensive knowledge of the business of the Company, the current composition of the Board allows the Company to remain nimble and responsive to business opportunities and to robustly evaluate the strategy and proposals for the Company in light of these business opportunities.
Key information on the Directors  particulars and background can be found on pages 14 to 18 of the Annual Report.
The Company s diversity targets, plans and timelines for achieving the targets and progress towards achieving the targets are set out below.
Diversity Targets, Plans and Timelines Progress towards achieving targets Gender In Progress - Ms. Usha Ranee Chandradas was appointed At the recommendation of the NRC and in recognition of the to the Board in 2021.
As at the end of FY2023, 1 out of 8 merits of gender diversity, the Board has committed to (a) a Directors is female.
This represents 12.5% of the Board.
target of at least 25% female Directors on the Board, which would allow for significant female representation on the The Board will strive to achieve the stated gender diversity Board; and (b) ensuring that female candidates are included target by the end of 2030 progressively through its Board for consideration when identifying suitable candidates for renewal process.
new appointments to the Board.
Skills and Experience Achieved - The current Board comprises Directors who To ensure that the Directors collectively possess core skills, are corporate and business leaders and professionals expertise and experience in areas spanning healthcare, with varied backgrounds, expertise and experiences and finance, fund management, business management, law possess the core skills and experiences identified by the and corporate governance and international business Board.
management and networking, which have been identified by the Board as critical for the Board to carry out its oversight of Collectively, they possess core competencies spanning the the business affairs, and to exercise effective stewardship relevant areas of the Group s businesses and operations and corporate governance of the Group.
across the healthcare sector.
The Company believes that having a diverse Board would To ensure that the Directors are kept abreast of recent support the needs of the Company, especially in the key developments, such as emerging trends, industry operational sectors in which the Group operates in.
The advancements and any significant events that may impact different insights and perspectives and the breadth of the Company and the Group, the NRC will consistently experience of the Directors would enhance the deliberations identify areas for improvement and training opportunities of the Board and facilitate the effective oversight of the for the Board.
Management.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 83 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Non-Eecutive Directors  Participation (Provision 2.5 of the Code) The Non-Executive Directors are scheduled to meet regularly, and as warranted, in the absence of the Management to discuss concerns or matters, such as the effectiveness of the Management.
The chairman of such meetings provides feedback to the Board and/or the Chairman as appropriate.
Principle 3: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Roles of the Chairman and the Group Chief Executive Officer (Provisions 3.1 and 3.2 of the Code) The Chairman is Mr. Lee Yi Shyan, who is a Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director.
The CEO of the Company is Mr. Yet Kum Meng who is an Executive Director.
Mr. Lee Yi Shyan and Mr. Yet Kum Meng are not related to each other.
As required under the Code, the Board has adopted a written terms of reference in respect of the respective roles, duties and/ or responsibilities of the Chairman, the CEO, and the Lead Independent Director.
The written terms of reference also provide that the Chairman and the CEO should generally be separate persons to ensure an appropriate balance of power, increased accountability, and greater capacity of the Board for independent decision making.
This separation of the roles avoids the concentration of power in one individual and ensures a degree of checks and balances.
The Chairman, in consultation with the Management, sets the agenda for Board meetings and ensures that meetings are held when necessary.
As part of the Chairman s responsibilities, he also seeks to ensure that all Directors are provided with complete, adequate and timely information.
As stated above, Board papers are sent to the Directors prior to Board meetings, so that Directors are adequately prepared for the meetings.
The Board has delegated the management of the overall business and development of the Group to the CEO, who executes plans which are in line with the strategic decisions and goals set out by the Board, and ensures that the Directors are kept updated and informed of the Group s businesses.
Lead Independent Director (Provision 3.3 of the Code) The Code recommends that a company should have an Independent Director to be the Lead Independent Director to provide leadership in situations where the Chairman is conflicted, and particularly when the Chairman is not an Independent Director.
In this regard, Mr. Roger Tan Chade Phang was appointed as the Lead Independent and Non-Executive Director of the Company.
He is also the channel for shareholders when they have concerns on issues that may not have been satisfactorily resolved or cannot be appropriately dealt with by the Chairman, the CEO, or Management.
Led by the Lead Independent and Non-Executive Director, the Independent Directors meet in the absence of the other Directors as and when circumstances warrant.
Principle 4: Board membership NRC Composition and Role (Provisions 4.1 and 4.2 of the Code) The NRC currently comprises Mr. Roger Tan Chade Phang (who is the Lead Independent Director), Mr. Lee Yi Shyan, Mr. Tetsuya Fujimoto, Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin and Mr. Jackson Tay Eng Kiat.
More than half of the members of the NRC, including the chairman of NRC, Mr. Roger Tan Chade Phang, are independent.
The NRC has written terms of reference that describe the responsibilities of its members.
The NRC met once in 2023.
84 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT The principal functions of the NRC, in addition to reviewing and recommending to the Board a framework of remuneration for the Directors and executive officers, are as follows:   to review and recommend the appointment or re-appointment of the Directors having regard to each Director s contribution and performance;   to evaluate the performance of the Directors and the Board as a whole and the Board Committees;   to review and be mindful of the independence of the Directors;   to review and make recommendations to the Board on the process and criteria for evaluation of the performance of the Board, its Board committees and Directors;   to make recommendations to the Board on relevant matters relating to the review of training and professional development programmes for the Board; and   to review the succession plan for Directors, the Chairman, the CEO and/or the key management personnel ( KMP ).
For the FY2023 under review, the NRC reviewed all cessation (including retirement) and appointment of Directors and KMP by the Board during the year and nomination of Directors seeking re-appointment at the last Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) of the Company.
As part of its annual assessment, the NRC also reviewed the composition of the Board, the performance of the Board, Board Committees and individual Directors, multiple board representations and independence of each Director.
Selection, Appointment and Re-appointment Process (Provisions 4.3 of the Code) The selection and nomination process for suitable candidates to the Board is as follows: (i) in carrying out its review, the NRC takes into account that the Board composition should reflect balance in matters such as skill representation, tenure, experience, age spread and diversity as set out in the Board Diversity Policy; (ii) the NRC identifies suitable candidates for appointment to the Board, having regard to the skills required and the skills represented on the Board; (iii) external consultants may be used from time to time to access a wide base of potential non-executive directors; (iv) those who are being considered are assessed against a range of criteria including the candidate s track record, background, experience, professional skills, financial literacy, core competencies and personal qualities; (v) the NRC and the Board also consider whether a candidate s skills and experience will complement the existing Board and whether the candidate has sufficient time available to commit to his responsibility as a director; and (vi) the NRC makes recommendations to the Board on candidates it considers appropriate for appointment.
In the search and selection process adopted by the NRC, the NRC may tap on its network of contacts and/or engage professional external consultants to assist with identifying and shortlisting candidates.
With regard to the re-appointment of existing Directors each year, the NRC makes recommendations to the Board on whether the Board should support the re-appointment of a Director who is retiring.
In making such recommendations, the NRC evaluates the retiring Director s performance and contributions to the Board, taking into account factors such as attendance, preparedness and participation at meetings, trainings and the Director s annual declaration of independence.
However, the replacement of a Director does not necessarily reflect the Director s performance or contributions to the Board, as the NRC may have to consider the need to shape the Board in line with the evolving needs of the Company.
All Directors must submit themselves for re-nomination and re-appointment at least once every three (3) years.
Under Regulation 115 of the Constitution, any person appointed to the Board by the Directors shall hold office only until the next AGM of the Company, and shall then be eligible for re-appointment, but shall not be taken into account in determining the number of Directors who are to retire by rotation at such meeting.
Under Regulation 111 of the Constitution, at least one third of the Board shall retire by rotation and subject themselves to re-appointment by shareholders at every AGM.
Accordingly, the NRC has determined that Mr. Lee Yi Shyan, Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin and Ms. Usha Ranee Chandradas will retire at the forthcoming AGM.
They will subject themselves to re-appointment by shareholders at the forthcoming AGM.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 85 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Each Director abstains from making any recommendation and from voting on any resolution in respect of the assessment of his own performance or re-appointment as a Director.
The Board does not appoint alternate directors.
Periodic Review of Independence of Independent Directors (Provision 4.4 of the Code) Each Independent Director submits an annual declaration regarding his or her independence.
Of the seven (7) Non-Executive Directors, the NRC considers Mr. Roger Tan Chade Phang, Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin, Mr. Jackson Tay Eng Kiat and Ms. Usha Ranee Chandradas to be independent.
Based on the annual declarations, which includes disclosures of the Independent Director s relationships with the Company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers, if any, which may affect his or her independence, the NRC is satisfied that there is no relationship as set forth in the Catalist Rules and the Code (including the accompanying Practice Guidance) which could affect the independence of each of the existing Independent Directors.
Each Independent Director has abstained from the deliberation of his or her own independence.
Directors  Multiple Directorships and NRC Assessment (Provision 4.5 of the Code) Key information of the current Directors, including their dates of appointment, re-appointment and directorships in other listed companies and their principal commitments can be found on pages 14 to 18 of this Annual Report.
Directorship in other Listed Companies Date of Date of For the Past 3 Years Name of Directors Position Appointment Re-appointment Present (since 1 January 2021) Mr. Lee Yi Shyan Non-Independent 17/07/2017 27/04/2022 OUE REIT Management OUE Hospitality REIT and Non-Executive Pte.
Ltd. (the Manager Management Pte.
Ltd. Chairman of OUE Real Estate (dissolved through a Investment Trust, members  voluntary formerly known as OUE winding up) Commercial Real Estate Investment Trust) Mr. Tetsuya Fujimoto Non-Independent 01/04/2022 27/04/2022 - - and Non- Executive Director Mr. Yet Kum Meng Chief Executive 28/02/2019 24/04/2023 - - Officer and Executive Director Mr. Abram Non-Independent 02/01/2024 - TIH Limited (Alternate Healthway Medical Melkyzedeck and Non- Executive Director) Corporation Limited Suhardiman Director (delisted from Catalist Board on 8 November 2023) Mr. Roger Tan Chade Lead Independent 23/01/2017 24/04/2023 Luminor Financial Dapai International Phang and Non-Executive Holdings Ltd; Limited; Director Y Ventures Group; Transcorp Holdings SIM Vantage Limited; Limited; Tritech Group Limited TBK & Sons Holdings Limited; Camsing Healthcare Limited; TIH Limited; Revez Corporation Ltd 86 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Directorship in other Listed Companies Date of Date of Present For the Past 3 Years Name of Directors Position Appointment Re-appointment (as at 31 March 2024) (since 1 January 2021) Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin Independent and 23/01/2017 27/04/2022 Choo Chiang Holding Ltd; QT Vascular Ltd; Non-Executive Quantum Healthcare Sim Leisure Group Ltd; Director Limited Versalink Holdings Limited Mr. Jackson Tay Independent and 23/01/2017 24/04/2023 Sapphire Corporation Sim Leisure Group Ltd Eng Kiat Non-Executive Limited Director Ms. Usha Ranee Independent and 15/11/2021 27/04/2022 OUE REIT Management - Chandradas Non-Executive Pte.
Ltd. (the Manager Director of OUE Real Estate Investment Trust, formerly known as OUE Commercial Real Estate Investment Trust) Excluding their directorships in the Company, the number of listed company board representations currently held by each Non- Executive Director does not exceed four (4).
Directors must ensure that they are able to give sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the Company.
The NRC ensures all new Directors are informed of their duties and obligations, and as part of its review process, the NRC decides whether or not a Director is able to give sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the Company and whether he or she has been adequately carrying out his or her duties as a Director of the Company.
The NRC reviews from time to time the Board representations of each Director to ensure that the Directors continue to meet the demands of the Group and are able to discharge their duties adequately.
The considerations in assessing the capacity of Directors include the following:   assessments of the individual Director s effectiveness;   actual conduct of the Directors;   expected and/or competing time commitments of Directors;   geographical location of Directors;   size and composition of the Board; and   nature and scope of the Group s operations and size.
On an annual basis, a list of the directorships (which includes directorships within the Group and executive appointments) held by the Directors together with the attendance records of the Directors at Board and Board Committee meetings will be submitted to the NRC for review.
Based on its analysis and the Directors  commitments and contributions to the Company (which is assessed by, amongst others, in their level of attendance and participation at Board and Board Committees  meetings), the NRC is satisfied that all Directors are aware of their duties and obligations and have been adequately carrying out their duties as Directors of the Company.
In its annual review and having considered all the above, the NRC maintained the view that setting a maximum limit on the number of directorships a Director can hold is arbitrary, given that time requirements for each board may vary, and thus should not be prescriptive.
The NRC considers an assessment of the individual Directors  participation as described above to be more effective for the Company, rather than to prescribe a numerical limit on the number of listed company directorships that a Director may hold.
The NRC may, as it deems fit, consider suitable individuals who, despite the demands on their time, have the capacity to participate and contribute as members of the Board.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 87 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Principle 5: Board performance Board Evaluation Process and Criteria (Provisions 5.1 and 5.2 of the Code) The NRC annually assesses the effectiveness of the Board as a whole and the Board Committees and the contribution by the Chairman and each Director to the Board, by implementing a formal appraisal process to assess such effectiveness.
The Board s performance evaluation process includes a questionnaire designed to assess the performance of the Board and enhance the overall effectiveness of the Directors.
There is a self-performance assessment to be undertaken by each Director.
The Directors  responses to the questionnaire will be compiled into a consolidated report.
The report is discussed at the NRC meeting and shared with the entire Board including the NRC s recommendation for improvements, if any.
Each member of the NRC will abstain from voting on any resolution in respect of the assessment of his or her performance or re-appointment as a Director.
In evaluating the Board s and Board Committees  performance, the NRC has also set both quantitative and qualitative performance criteria which have been reviewed and approved by the Board.
The performance criteria for the Board and Board Committees  evaluation include: (a) Board size; (b) Board and Board Committee composition; (c) Board information and accountability; (d) Board performance in discharging its principal functions and ensuring the integrity and quality of risk management and internal control systems; (e) the Directors  interactions with the CEO and Executive Director, and Senior Management; and (f) Board Committees  performance in relation to discharging their responsibilities set out in their respective terms of reference.
The individual Director s performance criteria will be in relation to, amongst others, the Director s: (a) attendance, contribution, participation and candour at Board and Board Committee meetings; (b) degree of commitment to the role and effectiveness and value of contribution to the development of strategy; and (c) industry and business knowledge and functional expertise.
The performance criteria does not change from year to year, unless the NRC is of the view that it is necessary to review the performance criteria.
Based on the NRC s and Board s assessment and review, the performance of the Board as a whole is satisfactory, the Board Committees operate effectively and the Chairman and each Director is contributing to the overall effectiveness of the Board.
Accordingly, the Board has met its performance objectives.
No external facilitator was used in the evaluation process for the FY2023 under review.
88 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT REMUNERATION MATTERS Principle 6: Procedures for Developing Remuneration Policies Principle 7: Level and Mix of Remuneration Principle 8: Disclosure on Remuneration NRC Composition and Role (Provisions 6.1, 6.2, 6.3 and 6.4 of the Code) The NRC s principal responsibilities, in addition to identifying suitable candidates for appointment to the Board and reviewing nominations for the appointments, are to: (i) recommend to the Board a general framework of remuneration for the Directors and KMP; and (ii) develop policies for fixing of, and recommend to the Board, the specific remuneration packages of the individual Directors and KMP.
The composition of the NRC can be found on page 84 of the Annual Report.
As recommended in the accompanying Practice Guidance of the Code, the NRC comprises all Non-Executive Directors with the majority (including the Chairman) being Independent Directors.
The NRC considers all aspects of remuneration, including but not limited to Directors  fees, salaries, allowances, options, benefits-in-kind, short-term incentives like bonuses and termination terms, to ensure they are fair.
The recommendations are submitted to the Board for endorsement.
The remuneration policies of the Company are structured to attract and retain highly qualified persons, and also take into consideration the Company s overall goal to ensure value creation and the long-term sustainability and success of the Company.
No Director is involved in deciding his own remuneration.
For FY2023, the NRC had reviewed the annual compensation framework and the total remuneration packages for the Directors and KMP, the disclosure of remuneration of the KMP for the purposes of the annual report and payment of the Directors  fees for shareholders  approval.
The NRC is entitled to obtain any external professional advice on matters relating to remuneration whenever such need arises at the expense of the Company.
For the FY2023 under review, the Company has engaged an independent consultant, Management Resources Consultants (S) Pte.
Ltd., to review the remuneration of KMP.
Remuneration of the KMP (Including the CEO and Executive Director) (Provisions 7.1 and 7.3 of the Code) The compensation framework for the KMP (including the CEO and Executive Director) of the Company comprises monthly salaries (fixed component), annual bonuses (variable component) and allowances.
The Company links the remuneration of the KMP to corporate and individual performance.
The NRC reviews the remuneration of the KMP by taking into consideration the performance and the contributions of the KMP to the Company and giving due regard to the financial and business performance of the Group.
The Group seeks to offer a competitive level of remuneration to attract, motivate and retain KMP of the required competency to run the Group successfully.
There is no non-monetary compensation in the form of stock options or shares in the Company paid to the KMP (including the CEO and Executive Director).
The NRC has reviewed the total remuneration package of the KMP including the variable component for the FY2023 under review and is satisfied that it is appropriate taking into account the KMP s performance, the Group s performance, business units  performance and industry practices.
Currently, the Company does not have any contractual provisions allowing the Company to reclaim incentive components of remuneration from KMP in exceptional circumstances of misstatement of financial results or misconduct resulting in financial loss to the Company, but will continue to consider such use in the future.
The Company currently does not offer any termination or retirement benefits to Directors and KMP.
The Company currently also does not have any employee share option scheme or other long-term employee incentive scheme.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 89 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors (Provisions 7.2 and 7.3 of the Code) The remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors in the form of directors  fees is paid wholly in cash.
There is no non-monetary compensation in the form of stock options or shares in the Company paid to the Non-Executive Directors.
The structure of the fees for Non-Executive Directors comprises a base fee for serving as a Director, and additional fees for (i) serving as Chairman of the Board, or Chairman of the Board Committee(s); and (ii) serving as Lead Independent Director and/or serving on Board Committee(s) as members, as the case may be.
The Non-Executive Directors  fees take into account (i) the Directors  value creation, level of contribution and respective responsibilities at Board meetings and Board Committee(s) meetings; and (ii) the industry practices and norms on remuneration, including guidelines set out in the Statement of Good Practice issued by the SID.
The Board determines value creation to be the amount of value-add contributed by the Director, including but not limited to deal introduction to the Company, cost-savings ideas and novel initiatives which have the potential of increasing the performance of the Company, measured against the monetary or cost-savings benefit which the Company enjoys as a result of the value-add contributed by the Director.
Based on the above, the NRC is of the view that the remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors is appropriate to the level of contribution, taking into account factors such as effort, time spent and responsibilities of these Directors.
Disclosure on the Remuneration of Directors, CEO and KMP for FY2023 (Provisions 8.1, 8.2 and 8.3 of the Code) (a) A breakdown (in percentage terms) showing the level and mix of the remuneration of each Non-Executive Director and the CEO (who is also an Executive Director) payable for FY2023 (including payment made by its subsidiaries, if any): Total/ Salary Bonuses Directors  Fees Others Remuneration Name of Director (%) (%) (%) (%) (%) S$250,000 or below Mr. Lee Yi Shyan - - 100 - 100 Mr. Brian Riady (1) - - 100 - 100 Mr. Tetsuya Fujimoto - - 100 - 100 Mr. Roger Tan Chade Phang - - 100 - 100 Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin - - 100 - 100 Mr. Jackson Tay Eng Kiat - - 100 - 100 Ms. Usha Ranee Chandradas - - 100 - 100 Mr. Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman (2) - - - - - S$750,001   S$1,000,000 Mr. Yet Kum Meng 52 43 - (3) 5 100 Note: (1) Mr. Brian Riady resigned from the Board with effect on and from 2 January 2024.
(2) Mr. Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman was appointed to the Board with effect on and from 2 January 2024.
(3) Director s fee of Mr. Yet Kum Meng for FY2023 was waived.
90 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (b) A breakdown of the Directors  fees payable to each Director for FY2023 is shown below: Name of Director Directors  Fees (S$) (1) Mr. Lee Yi Shyan 112,500 (2) Mr. Brian Riady 50,000 (3) Mr. Tetsuya Fujimoto 62,500 (4) Mr. Yet Kum Meng Nil (5) Mr. Roger Tan Chade Phang 126,250 (6) Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin 118,750 (7) Mr. Jackson Tay Eng Kiat 81,250 (8) Ms. Usha Ranee Chandradas 68,750 (9) Note: (1) The framework for determining the Directors  Fees in FY2023 is as follows: (i) S$50,000 for acting as the Chairman of the Board; (ii) S$50,000 for acting as a member of the Board; (iii) S$20,000 for acting as the Lead Independent Director; (iv) S$37,500 for acting as the Chairman of the ARC; (v) S$18,750 for acting as a member of the ARC; (vi) S$25,000 for acting as the Chairman of the NRC; and (vii) S$12,500 for acting as a member of the NRC.
(2) The fees payable to Mr. Lee Yi Shyan comprise S$50,000 for acting as the Chairman of the Board, S$50,000 for being a member of the Board and S$12,500 for being a member of the NRC.
(3) The fees payable to Mr. Brian Riady comprise S$50,000 for being a member of the Board.
(4) The fees payable to Mr. Tetsuya Fujimoto comprise S$50,000 for being a member of the Board and S$12,500 for being a member of the NRC.
(5) Director s fee of Mr. Yet Kum Meng for FY2023 was waived.
(6) The fees payable to Mr. Roger Tan Chade Phang comprise S$50,000 for being a member of the Board, S$20,000 for being the Lead Independent Director, S$18,750 for being a member of the ARC, S$25,000 for being the Chairman of the NRC and S$12,500 for being a member of the NRC.
(7) The fees payable to Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin comprise S$50,000 for being a member of the Board, S$37,500 for being the Chairman of the ARC, S$18,750 for being a member of the ARC and S$12,500 for being a member of the NRC.
(8) The fees payable to Mr. Jackson Tay Eng Kiat comprise S$50,000 for being a member of the Board, S$18,750 for being a member of the ARC and S$12,500 for being a member of the NRC.
(9) The fees payable to Ms. Usha Ranee Chandradas comprise S$50,000 for being a member of the Board and S$18,750 for being a member of the ARC.
The total proposed payment of Directors  fees for FY2023 will be subject to the approval of shareholders of the Company at its forthcoming AGM.
(c) Number of Directors and KMP of the Company in each remuneration band: Number of KMP (1) (who are not also Number of Directors Directors or the CEO) Remuneration for FY2023 (as at 31 December 2023) (as at 31 December 2023) S$250,000 or below 7 - S$750,001   S$1,000,000 1 - Total 8 0 Note: (1) The Code defines  key management personnel (KMP)  to mean the CEO and other persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the company.
The Company is of the view that there is only one person, being the CEO (who is also an Executive Director), who has the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Company.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 91 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT The Code requires companies to fully disclose the remuneration of each individual Director and the CEO on a named basis in exact quantum.
In the event of non-disclosure, the Company is required to provide reasons for such non-disclosure and how the Company s practices conform to the principle.
Save for the CEO who is also an Executive Director, the Company has disclosed the remuneration of each individual Director in exact quantum.
After much deliberation, the Board is of the view that full disclosure of the specific remuneration of the CEO, Mr. Yet Kum Meng, is not in the best interests of the Company or its stakeholders, and that sufficient disclosure on its remuneration policies to achieve transparency is preferred.
In arriving at this decision, the Board had considered, amongst others, the commercial sensitivity and confidential nature of remuneration matters, the relative size of the Group, the competitive business environment in which the Group operates in, and the negative impact such disclosure may have on the Group in attracting and retaining talent at the Board level on a long-term basis.
Based on a comparison against a peer group of listed companies in the same industry over a multi- year period, which peer group remains constant from year to year, the Board believes that the remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors and the Executive Director, being the CEO, is in line with industry practice.
The Code also recommends companies to provide full disclosure of the name and remuneration (with breakdown) of the top five (5) KMP (who are not Directors or the CEO) within bands of S$250,000 and in aggregate the total remuneration paid to such KMP.
The Company takes the view that save for the CEO (who is also an Executive Director), there were no other KMP in the Group during FY2023, as only the CEO (who is also an Executive Director) has the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Company.
Accordingly, there is no disclosure of the aggregate total remuneration paid to the top five (5) KMP (who are not Directors or the CEO).
There are no employees who are substantial shareholders of the Company or immediate family members of a Director, the CEO or a substantial shareholder of the Company, and whose remuneration exceeds S$100,000 during FY2023.
Please see above  Remuneration of the KMP (including the CEO and Executive Director)  and  Remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors  for details on the forms of remuneration and other payments and benefits paid to Directors and the KMP.
The Company currently does not have any employee share option scheme or other long-term employee incentive scheme.
ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT Principle 9: Risk Management and Internal Controls Oversight of Risk Management (Provision 9.1 of the Code) The Board has overall responsibility for the governance of risk and the maintenance of a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard shareholders  interests and the Group s assets.
The system is intended to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatements or loss, and to safeguard assets and ensure maintenance of proper accounting records, reliability of financial information, compliance with appropriate legislations, regulations and best practices, and the identification and containment of business risks.
The Board determines the nature and extent of the significant risks which the Company is willing to take in achieving its strategic and business objectives.
The Board, with the assistance of the ARC, reviews at least annually, the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group s risk management and internal control systems, including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls.
The Board is also responsible for presenting a balanced and understandable assessment of the Company s performance, position and prospects to its shareholders, the public and the regulators, including interim and other price sensitive public reports and reports to regulators (if required).
The Management is accountable to the Board and provides the Board with quarterly half year, and full-year results, which are then reviewed and approved by the Board for release to SGXNET (as defined in the Catalist Rules), where applicable.
All material information relating to the Company is disseminated via SGXNET.
92 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT In the course of their statutory duties, the Company s external auditors will highlight any material internal control weaknesses which came to their attention in carrying out their annual audit, which is designed primarily to enable them to express their opinion on the financial statements.
Such material internal control weaknesses noted during their audit, and recommendations, if any, by the external auditors are reported to the ARC.
As part of the internal audit programmes, the head of internal audit reports to the ARC on any material non-compliance or lapse in internal controls, and the ARC reviews the adequacy of the actions taken by the Management to address the recommendations of the internal auditors.
Management s Assurance (Provision 9.2 of the Code) The Board has received assurance from the CEO and the Group Finance Director (the position of Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) is currently vacant) that (a) the financial records have been properly maintained and the financial statements for FY2023 gave a true and fair view of the Group s operations and finances, and (b) the Group s risk management and internal control systems are adequate and effective in identifying and addressing the material risks faced by the Group in its current business environment including financial, operational, compliance and information technology risks.
This assurance covers the Company and subsidiaries which are under the Company s management control.
Board s Commentary (Catalist Rule 1204(10)) Based on the respective work done by the internal audit function and the external auditors as well as the Company s enterprise risk management framework, the assurance given by the CEO and the Group Finance Director (the position of CFO is currently vacant), as well as the ARC s review of the effectiveness of the Group s internal controls (including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls) and risk management systems which the Group considers relevant and material to its operations, the Board, with the concurrence of the ARC, is of the opinion that the Group s systems of internal controls and risk management are adequate and effective as at 31 December 2023.
The Board notes that the system of internal controls provides reasonable but not absolute assurance that the Group will not be affected by any event that could be reasonably foreseen as it strives to achieve its business objectives.
In this regard, the Board also notes that no system can provide absolute assurance against the occurrence of material errors, poor judgement in decision making, human error, fraud or other irregularities.
The Board and Management will continue to re-evaluate the process and adequacy of the Group s risk management system.
The Management commits to continuously monitor and enhance the effectiveness of the Company s internal controls so that sufficient information is provided to the shareholders to make informed assessment.
Principle 10: Audit Committee Composition, Duties and Activities of the ARC (Provisions 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3 of the Code) The ARC comprises Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin, Mr. Roger Tan Chade Phang, Mr. Jackson Tay Eng Kiat and Ms. Usha Ranee Chandradas.
The chairman of the ARC is Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin.
The ARC has written terms of reference that describes its responsibilities.
All members of the ARC are Independent Directors who do not have any management and business relationships with the Company or any substantial shareholder of the Company.
None of them are former partners of or have any financial interest in the Company s external auditors, Messrs KPMG LLP and Foo Kon Tan LLP.
Foo Kon Tan LLP is the external auditors for the Company s six Singapore-incorporated subsidiaries which are non-principal subsidiaries.
The Board considers Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin, who has extensive and practical accounting and financial management knowledge and experience, well qualified to chair the ARC.
The other three members of the ARC also have extensive and practical expertise in accounting, financial management, corporate finance and law.
The Board is therefore of the view that the ARC members have recent and relevant accounting or related financial management expertise or experience and are appropriately qualified to discharge their responsibilities, including the principal responsibilities of the ARC listed below.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 93 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT The key terms of reference of the ARC which set out the duties of the ARC are, amongst others, as follows:   to review the adequacy, scope and performance/results of the external audit, its cost effectiveness, and the independence and objectivity of the external auditors;   to review significant financial reporting issues and judgements so as to ensure the integrity of the financial statements of the Company and any formal announcements relating to the Company s financial performance;   to review at least annually the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group s internal controls and risk management systems, including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls;   to review the assurance from the CEO and the CFO (or Group Finance Director if the position of CFO is vacant) on the financial records and financial statements;   to review the Company s policy and arrangements regarding possible improprieties in financial reporting or other matters to be safely raised by the employees of the Group and any other persons, and to ensure that arrangements are in place for the independent investigation of such matters and for appropriate follow-up action;   to review the effectiveness of the Group s internal audit and control functions, and the hiring, removal, evaluation and compensation of the Group s internal audit and control functions;   to review interested party transactions;   to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditors, taking into consideration the Audit Quality Indicators Disclosure Framework published by the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority; and   to review the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors.
The ARC has explicit authority to investigate any matter within the terms of reference, full access to and co-operation of Management, full discretion to invite any Director or Management to attend its meetings and reasonable resources to enable it to discharge its functions.
The results of the ARC s review are reported to the Board.
The ARC conducts scheduled meetings on a quarterly basis and ad-hoc meetings are convened as and when the need arises.
The ARC met four (4) times in 2023.
The quarterly and full year financial statements of the Group and the Company were reviewed by the ARC during the quarterly meetings, prior to their submission to the Board for approval and adoption.
In their review of the financial statements for FY2023, the ARC has discussed with both the Management and the external auditors the accounting principles that were applied and their judgement of items that might affect the integrity of the financial statements.
For the FY2023 under review, the ARC met with the external auditors and internal audit staff to review the annual audit plans and the results of the audits performed by them.
The ARC also examined the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company s internal controls with the assistance of the internal audit team and the statutory audit conducted by the external auditors.
The ARC further assessed the independence and objectivity of the external auditors and the non-audit services rendered by the external auditors.
Internal Audit (Provision 10.4 of the Code and Catalist Rule 1204(10)) The scope of the internal audit is:   to review the effectiveness of the Group s internal controls;   to provide assurance that key business and operational risks are identified and managed;   to determine that internal controls are in place and functioning as intended;   to evaluate that operations are conducted in an effective and efficient manner; and   to conduct internal review of sustainability reporting.
94 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT The internal audit function of the Company is carried out by the Company s controlling shareholder, OUE Limited, as permitted in the Practice Guidance of the Code.
OUE Limited has a dedicated internal audit team responsible for driving the internal audit activities of the Company, which is led by the Head of Internal Audit.
The Head of Internal Audit reports directly to the Chairman of the ARC.
The internal audit team has unfettered access to all the Company s documents, records, properties, and personnel, including access to the ARC.
The scope of the internal audit reviews are carried out in accordance with the yearly plans prepared by the Head of Internal Audit and approved by the ARC.
Any material non-compliance or lapse in internal controls together with corrective measures are reported to the ARC.
In carrying out its functions, the internal audit team adopts the Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing set by the Institute of Internal Auditors.
The Board, with the assistance of the ARC, annually reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal audit function.
The Board, with the concurrence of the ARC, is of the opinion that the Company s internal controls (including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls) and risk management systems are adequate and effective as at 31 December 2023, having considered, amongst others, the size, expertise and process of the internal audit function as set out above.
The ARC is satisfied that the internal audit team is independent, effective and adequately resourced and has appropriate standing within the Company.
Meeting with Auditors (Provision 10.5 of the Code) The ARC has met with the external auditors i.e. Messrs KPMG LLP and the internal audit team without the presence of the Management for the FY2023 under review.
The external auditors have also presented to the ARC relevant updates relating to any change of accounting standards which have a direct impact on financial statements before an audit commences.
Appointment of External Auditors and Fees (Catalist Rule 1204(6)) The amount of fees paid to the external auditors i.e. Messrs KPMG LLP in FY2023 was $61,000 for non-audit services (including audit-related services) and $1,000,000 for audit services.
The details of the remuneration of all the auditors of the Company during FY2023 are as follows: S$000 Audit services   Auditors of the Company 1,000   Member firms of the auditors of the Company 61   Other auditors 248 Non-audit services   Auditors of the Company 61   Other auditors 61 The ARC has reviewed the non-audit fees paid to the external auditors.
Having considered the nature and extent of the non-audit services provided, the ARC is satisfied that the independence and objectivity of the external auditors have not been compromised by the provision of such non-audit services.
Save for Healthway Medical Corporation Limited and the Singapore-incorporated, non-principal subsidiaries of O2 Healthcare Group Pte.
Ltd. which are audited by Ernst & Young LLP and Foo Kon Tan LLP respectively, all the Company s subsidiaries are audited by Messrs KPMG LLP.
Messrs KPMG LLP is an auditing firm approved under the Accountants Act 2004 and Ms. Ong Li Qin, being the audit partner-in-charge assigned to the audit, is a public accountant under the same Act.
The Board and ARC are satisfied that the appointment of different external auditors would not compromise the standard and effectiveness of the audit of the Company.
The Company is in compliance with Rule 712 and Rule 715 (read together with Rule 716) of the Catalist Rules in relation to its external auditors.
Accordingly, the ARC, with the concurrence of the Board, has recommended the nomination of the external auditors, Messrs KPMG LLP, for re-appointment at the forthcoming AGM.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 95 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Whistle-Blowing Policy (Catalist Rules 1204(18A) and (18B)) The Company has in place a whistle-blowing policy which sets out the procedures for a whistleblower to make a report to the Company on misconduct or wrongdoing relating to the Company or its officers.
Staff of the Company and external parties may, in confidence whether anonymously or otherwise, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters, without fear of reprisals in any form.
The Company s website has a link for persons to write to the Company for the foregoing purpose.
The ARC has the responsibility of overseeing the whistle-blowing policy with the assistance of a designated ethical officer of the Group.
Under these procedures, arrangements are in place for independent investigations of such matters raised and for appropriate follow-up action to be taken.
The Company is committed to ensure protection of the whistleblower against detrimental or unfair treatment.
In conducting investigations, the ethical officer shall use his or her reasonable best efforts to protect the confidentiality and anonymity of the whistleblower.
SHAREHOLDERS RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT, MANAGING STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIPS Principle 11: Shareholder Rights and Conduct of Shareholders Meetings Principle 12: Engagement with Shareholders Principle 13: Engagement with Stakeholders Shareholders  Meetings and Voting (Provisions 11.1, 11.2 and 11.3 of the Code) The AGM of the Company is a principal forum for dialogue and interaction with shareholders.
All shareholders will receive the Company s annual report and notice of AGM.
The Company strongly encourages and supports shareholder participation at general meetings.
The Company holds its general meetings at central locations in Singapore with convenient access to public transportation or in the case of hybrid general meetings, at physical locations in Singapore with real-time electronic communication to accord shareholders not physically present with the same full rights of participation.
Under the Constitution and pursuant to the Companies Act, the Central Provident Fund Board and relevant intermediaries may appoint more than two (2) proxies to attend and vote on their behalf.
A registered shareholder who is not a relevant intermediary may appoint up to two (2) proxies.
There are separate resolutions at general meetings on each substantially separate issue with the necessary information provided on each resolution so as to enable shareholders to exercise their vote on an informed basis.
At the AGM or any Extraordinary General Meeting ( EGM ), shareholders will be given the opportunity and time to air their views and ask the Directors or the Management questions regarding the Company and/or the resolutions put forth.
The respective Chairman of the ARC and NRC, the Directors, as well as the external auditors will be present and on hand to address issues raised at the AGM and any EGM.
Voting and Minutes of General Meetings (Provisions 11.4 and 11.5 of the Code) As encouraged by the SGX-ST and in support of greater transparency of voting in general meetings and good corporate governance, all resolutions at the Company s general meetings are voted on by poll.
Where possible, the Company employs the use of electronic poll voting devices to register the votes of shareholders who attend the general meetings, and prior to voting, the voting procedures are made known to the shareholders.
96 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT The total number of votes cast for or against the resolutions and the respective percentages are announced on SGXNET and the Company s website on the same day of the event.
Minutes of the shareholders  meetings are also prepared and available via Company s website and SGXNET within a month from the date of the meetings.
The minutes of the shareholders  meeting included substantial and relevant comments or queries from the shareholders and responses from the Board and Management.
The Code requires that the issuer s constitution allows for absentia voting at general meetings of shareholders.
Currently, the Constitution allows for absentia voting through channels such as mail, email or fax subject to the applicable laws.
However, given that the authentication of shareholder identity and other related integrity issues remain a concern, the Company has decided, for the time being, not to implement voting in absentia (whether by mail, fax or electronic means).
Nevertheless, the Company is of the opinion that shareholders continue to have the opportunity to communicate their views on matters and exercise their rights even when they are not in attendance at general meetings of shareholders, as shareholders may appoint proxies to attend, speak and vote on their behalf at such meetings.
Shareholders  Meetings held in 2023 The Company s last AGM held on 24 April 2023 ( 2023 AGM ) was conducted by way of electronic means in accordance with the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020 and guidelines or directives issued by government agencies or regulatory authorities relating to the conduct of meetings.
Shareholders participated in the 2023 AGM via live audio-visual webcast or live audio-only stream and appointed the Chairman of the Meeting as proxy to attend, speak and vote on their behalf at the 2023 AGM.
Shareholders were invited to submit questions related to the resolutions tabled for approval at the 2023 AGM to the Chairman of the meeting, in advance of the 2023 AGM.
Shareholders were also allowed to deposit their proxy forms and submit their questions in advance by post and electronic mail.
All Directors, including the Chairman of the ARC, the Chairman of the NRC, as well as the external auditors also attended the 2023 AGM by way of a live audio-visual webcast.
The minutes of 2023 AGM was published on the Company s corporate website and SGXNET within one (1) month after the date of the 2023 AGM.
Dividend Policy (Provision 11.6 of the Code and Catalist Rule 704(23)) The Company has adopted a dividend policy, under which the Board would consider the Group s earnings, financial position, results of operations, capital needs, plans for expansion and any other appropriate factors before decided on the form, frequency and amount of dividends to declare.
Taking into account the Company s financial performance in FY2023 and the need for the Company to deploy resources for the development and growth of the Group s business, no dividend was recommended or declared for FY2023.
The Company s decision not to declare a dividend and its reasons for not doing so were announced when the Company released its financial statements for FY2023 on 26 February 2024.
Communication with shareholders (Provision 12.1 of the Code) IIn addition to the AGM and any EGM, shareholders are informed of the Company s performance and developments through announcements, press releases and the publication of its half-year and full-year results on SGXNET and annual reports, which are announced or issued within the mandatory period (and where this is not possible, relevant extensions of time are sought in accordance with applicable laws, regulations and rules).
Shareholders are also regularly kept up to date on material developments relating to the Company or the Group or significant events and happenings, as and when appropriate, through the same channels in accordance with the requirements of the Catalist Rules.
Information on the Company is available on its corporate website at http://www.
ouehealthcare.com, where shareholders and investors can subscribe to email alerts of all announcements and press releases issued by the Company.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 97 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT The Board has adopted half-yearly announcement of its financial results since the financial year ended 31 December 2020 pursuant to Rule 705(3)(b)(ii) of the Catalist Rules.
In addition, the Company has sponsored Securities Investors Association Singapore ( SIAS ) Associate membership to our shareholders in 2023.
As a SIAS Associate member, the Company s shareholders will be notified of all the activities of SIAS as well as attend most of SIAS  investor educational programmes for free.
In addition, the shareholders would be able to access  members only  events, which will aid them in understanding the investing landscape in Singapore.
Investor Relations Policy (Provisions 12.2 and 12.3 of the Code) The Company maintains an investor relations policy that ensures fair and open communication with its shareholders and other stakeholders.
For example, shareholders may submit questions via an enquiry form on the Company s corporate website and such questions will be directed to the Company s Investor Relations department and attended to within five (5) working days.
The contact details of the Company s Investor Relations department are also available on the Company s corporate website.
Further, the Investor Relations department maintains regular dialogues with and solicits views from the investment community through organising group or individual meetings with investors, investor conferences and/or non-deal investor roadshows.
Such roadshows are attended by the Management, including the CEO.
Stakeholders Engagement (Provisions 13.1, 13.2 and 13.3 of the Code) The Company understands the importance of maintaining regular engagement with its stakeholders (including creditors) and its stakeholders engagement approach is set out in its Sustainability Report, which can be found in pages 47 to 48 in this Annual Report.
Stakeholders who have any questions regarding the Group may submit questions via an enquiry form on the Company s corporate website or contact info@ouehealthcare.com.
DEALING IN SECURITIES (Catalist Rule 1204(19)) The Company has adopted policies in line with the requirements of Rule 1204(19) of the Catalist Rules on dealings in the Company s securities.
The Company sends out memoranda and e-mails to its Directors and officers to remind them that the Directors, key executives of the Group and their connected persons are prohibited from dealing in the Company s shares (a) one (1) month before the announcement of the Group s half year and full year financial results; and (b) any time while in possession of price sensitive information.
The Directors and officers are prohibited from communicating trade-sensitive and materially price-sensitive information to any person.
In addition, the Company also discourages the Directors and officers from dealing in the Company s shares on short term considerations.
They are also expected to observe insider trading laws at all times even when dealing in securities within permitted trading periods.
In addition, in March 2021, the Board has adopted a written policy on the handling of confidential information and dealings in securities (the  Information Dealing Policy ) which applies the best practice recommendations or guidelines from the SGX-ST, where possible.
98 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Pre- and Post-Dealing Procedures Under the Information Dealing Policy, should an officer or employee of the Group decide to trade in any securities of the Company (or its related corporations listed on the SGX-ST), he or she shall abide by the pre-dealing procedures by submitting a notification and declaration (that, amongst others, he or she is not in possession of any inside information) before making such trade(s) and will have one week from the date that the notification is made to execute the trade, subject to the other prohibitions as provided in the Information Dealing Policy.
Details of the transaction that had been notified prior to being undertaken must also be provided in writing to the Company within two (2) business days after the trade.
Handling, Protection and Disclosure of Confidential Information The Information Dealing Policy also codified the existing practices of the Group which require all officers and employees of the Group to verify that confidential information is shared only to those persons who have a legitimate reason to have access to such information, and set out in writing the procedures and safeguards which officers and employees of the Group should adopt to limit the risk of a leak of confidential information, such as signing of non-disclosure agreements, implementing Chinese walls, controlling access to documents containing confidential information, clean-desk policy, adoption of code names for each potential price-sensitive transactions (and the maintenance of a list of privy persons).
In relation to the retention of documents, the Company has in place a Data Retention Policy which specified the retention periods, procedures for the proper retention and destruction of documents which no longer serve any legal or business purposes.
MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND LOANS (Catalist Rule 1204(8)) Pursuant to Rule 1204(8) of the Catalist Rules, the Company confirmed that except as disclosed in the paragraph on interested person transactions below, and the sections entitled  Directors  Statement  and  Notes to the Financial Statements  of this Annual Report, there were no other material contracts and loans of the Company and its subsidiaries involving the interests of any Director or controlling shareholder of the Company, either still subsisting at the end of FY2023 or if not then subsisting, which were entered into since the end of the previous financial year.
INTERESTED PERSON TRANSACTIONS (Catalist Rule 1204(17)) The Group does not have a general mandate from shareholders for recurrent interested person transactions.
The Company has adopted an internal policy in respect of any transaction with an interested person, which sets out the procedures for review and approval of such interested person transaction.
In accordance with the Company s internal policy in respect of interested person transactions, all interested person transactions are documented and submitted periodically to the ARC for review to ensure that such transactions are carried out on an arm s length basis and on normal commercial terms and are not prejudicial to the Company.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 99 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT The interested person transactions entered into by the Group during FY2023 are set out below: Name of Interested Person Nature of Relationship Aggregate value of all Aggregate value of all interested person transactions transactions conducted during FY2023 (excluding under shareholders  mandate transactions less than pursuant to Rule 920 (excluding S$100,000 and transactions transactions less than conducted under shareholders  S$100,000) mandate pursuant to Rule 920) Browny Healthcare Pte.
Browny is a controlling S$697,000 (1) - Ltd. ( Browny ), ITOCHU shareholder of the Company Singapore Pte Ltd ( ITOCHU and is a subsidiary of ITOCHU SG ) and ITOCHU Corporation SG.
ITOCHU SG is in turn ( ITOCHU Corp ) wholly-owned by ITOCHU Corp.
First REIT Management Limited FRML is an associate of OUE S$260,000 (2) - ( FRML ) Limited, which is a controlling shareholder of the Company.
O2 Healthcare Group Pte.
Ltd. O2HG is an associate of OUE S$1,500,000 (3) - ( O2HG ) Limited, which is a controlling shareholder of the Company Notes: (1) Pursuant to a secondment agreement entered into by the Company with Browny, ITOCHU SG and ITOCHU Corp dated 15 February 2018 (as supplemented by way of a supplemental letter dated 21 March 2021), Browny, ITOCHU SG and/or ITOCHU Corp have the right to second up to two (2) employees to the Company.
Pursuant to the secondment agreement and related documentation, the Company is obliged to make remuneration-related payments either directly to the seconded employees and/or in the form of secondment fees payable to ITOCHU SG.
In total, the sum of the payments made by the Company pursuant to these secondment arrangements in FY2023 is S$697,000.
(2) On 31 March 2023, the Company s indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, OLH (FTZ) Pte.
Ltd., completed the disposal of 100% of the issued and paid-up share capital of FRM Japan Management Co., Ltd. ( FRJM ) to FRML in its personal capacity, for a total consideration of S$260,000, paid wholly in cash (the  FRJM Transaction ).
The consideration was arrived at on a willing-buyer, willing-seller basis following arm s length negotiations between the parties and took into account the net asset value of FRJM of S$260,000 as of 31 March 2023.
Following completion of the FRJM Transaction, FRJM has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of FRML.
FRML is in turn 60% owned by OUE Limited and 40% owned by the Company.
Accordingly, FRJM has ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company and has become an associated company of the Company.
(3) On 28 June 2023, O2HG accepted a letter of offer for a S$1,500,000 uncommitted revolving credit facility ( RCF ) with RHB Bank Berhad, Singapore Branch ( RHB ).
In respect of the RCF, the Company provided a corporate guarantee of S$1,500,000 in favour of RHB.
NON-SPONSOR FEES (Catalist Rule 1204(21)) In FY2023, no non-sponsor fee was paid to the Company s sponsor, PrimePartners Corporate Finance Pte.
Ltd. 100 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED DIRECTORS  STATEMENT We are pleased to submit this annual report to the members of the Company together with the audited financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
In our opinion: (a) the financial statements set out on pages 109 to 227 are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 December 2023 and the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Group for the year ended on that date in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International); and (b) at the date of this statement, having regard to the matters disclosed in note 2 to the financial statements, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due.
The Board of Directors has, on the date of this statement, authorised these financial statements for issue.
Directors The directors in office at the date of this statement are as follows: Lee Yi Shyan Tetsuya Fujimoto Yet Kum Meng Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman (Appointed on 2 January 2024) Roger Tan Chade Phang Eric Sho Kian Hin Jackson Tay Eng Kiat Usha Ranee Chandradas Brian Riady (Resigned on 2 January 2024) Directors  interests According to the register kept by the Company for the purposes of Section 164 of the Companies Act 1967 (the  Act ), no director who held office at the end of the financial year (including those held by their spouse and infant children) had interests in shares, debentures, warrants or share options of the Company, or of related corporations, either at the beginning of the financial year or at the end of the financial year.
There were no changes in the interests in the Company between the end of the financial year and 21 January 2024.
Neither at the end of, nor at any time during the financial year, was the Company a party to any arrangement with the object of enabling the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 101 DIRECTORS  STATEMENT Share options During the financial year, there were: (i) no options granted by the Company or its subsidiaries to any person to take up unissued shares in the Company or its subsidiaries; and (ii) no shares issued by virtue of any exercise of option to take up unissued shares of the Company or its subsidiaries.
As at the end of the financial year, there were no unissued shares of the Company or its subsidiaries under options.
Audit and Risk Committee The Audit and Risk Committee comprises four independent directors.
The members of the Audit and Risk Committee at the date of this statement are: l Eric Sho Kian Hin (Chairman), Independent Director l Roger Tan Chade Phang, Lead Independent Director l Jackson Tay Eng Kiat, Independent Director l Usha Ranee Chandradas, Independent Director The Audit and Risk Committee performs the functions specified in Section 201B of the Act, the SGX-ST Listing Manual (Section B: Rules of Catalist) and the Code of Corporate Governance.
The Audit and Risk Committee held four meetings since the last directors  statement.
In performing its functions, the Audit and Risk Committee met with the Company s external and internal auditors to discuss the scope of their work, the results of their examination and evaluation of the Company s internal accounting control system.
The Audit and Risk Committee also reviewed the following: l annual audit plans and scope of work of the internal and external auditors; l results of the internal and external audit procedures; l evaluation of the Group s internal accounting control system; l assistance provided by the Company s officers to the internal auditors and external auditors; l quarterly financial information and annual financial statements of the Group and the Company prior to their submission to the directors of the Company for adoption; and l interested person transactions, as defined in Chapter 9 of the SGX-ST Listing Manual (Section B: Rules of Catalist).
102 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED DIRECTORS  STATEMENT The Audit and Risk Committee has full access to management and is given the resources required for it to discharge its functions.
It has full authority and the discretion to invite any director or executive officer to attend its meetings.
The Audit and Risk Committee also recommends the appointment of the external auditors and reviews the level of audit and non-audit fees.
The Audit and Risk Committee is satisfied with the independence and objectivity of the external auditors and has recommended to the Board of Directors that the auditors, KPMG LLP, be nominated for re-appointment as auditors at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company.
In appointing our auditors for the Company, subsidiaries, and significant associated companies, we have complied with Rules 712 and 715 (to be read together with Rule 716) of the SGX-ST Listing Manual (Section B: Rules of Catalist).
Auditors The auditors, KPMG LLP, have indicated their willingness to accept re-appointment.
On behalf of the Board of Directors Lee Yi Shyan Director Yet Kum Meng Director 28 March 2024 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 103 INDEPENDENT AUDITORS  REPORT Members of the Company OUE Healthcare Limited (formerly known as OUE Lippo Healthcare Limited) Report on the audit of the financial statements Opinion We have audited the financial statements of OUE Healthcare Limited (formerly known as OUE Lippo Healthcare Limited) (the  Company ) and its subsidiaries (the  Group ), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group and the statement of financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2023, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policy information, as set out on pages 109 to 227.
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position of the Company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 ( the Act ) and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ( SFRS(I)s ) so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group and the financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2023 and of the consolidated financial performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group for the year ended on that date.
Basis for opinion We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing ( SSAs ).
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the  Auditors  responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements  section of our report.
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities ( ACRA Code ) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key audit matters Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period.
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Valuation of investment properties and investment properties under development (Refer to notes 7 and 8 to the financial statements) Risk As at 31 December 2023, the Group has a portfolio of investment properties in Singapore, Indonesia and Japan, and investment properties under development in the People s Republic of China ( PRC ) and Malaysia, with a total carrying value of $1,188.0 million.
These investment properties and investment properties under development are stated at fair value based on independent external valuations.
The valuation process involves significant judgement in determining the valuation method to be used and estimating the underlying assumptions to be applied.
The valuations are sensitive to the key assumptions applied and a change in assumptions can have a significant impact to the valuation.
104 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED INDEPENDENT AUDITORS  REPORT Members of the Company OUE Healthcare Limited (formerly known as OUE Lippo Healthcare Limited) Our response We evaluated the competency, capability and objectivity of the independent external valuers and made enquiries of the valuers to understand their valuation approach and basis of valuation.
We considered the valuation methodologies used, which included the discounted cash flow method, income capitalisation method and comparison method, against those applied for similar property types.
We involved our internal valuation specialists in the assessment of valuation method used and certain key assumptions of investment properties in Indonesia and Japan and investment property under development in the PRC.
For the investment property under development in the PRC, we evaluated management s determination of the estimated total construction costs against available market data and held discussions with management to understand the rationale and key assumptions made in the current proposed development plans.
Our findings We are satisfied with the competency, capability and objectivity of the independent external valuers.
The valuers are members of generally recognised professional bodies for valuers and have considered their own independence in carrying out their work.
The valuation methods used by the valuers were comparable to methods used for similar property types and key assumptions were generally within range of comparable market data.
Impairment assessment of non-financial assets (Refer to note 6 and 10 to the financial statements) Risk The Group has significant amount of non-financial assets including: (1) Goodwill of $30.7 million (2022: $30.8 million) (2) Investments in associates and joint ventures $130.9 million (2022: $70.6 million) Goodwill requires at least an annual mandatory impairment testing.
Equity accounted investments are tested for impairment when there are indicators of impairment that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
For the purpose of impairment testing, the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit ( CGU ) is determined based on the value-in-use calculations, using cash flow projections.
Forecasting of future cash flows is a highly judgemental process which requires estimation of revenue growth rates, profit margin, discount rate, and terminal growth rates.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 105 INDEPENDENT AUDITORS  REPORT Members of the Company OUE Healthcare Limited (formerly known as OUE Lippo Healthcare Limited) Our response We evaluated the identification of CGUs within the Group against the requirements of the accounting standards.
We also evaluated management s assessment for indication of possible impairment for the associates and joint ventures.
We reviewed the basis and methodology adopted to arrive at the recoverable amounts of the CGUs.
We assessed the key assumptions used in the cash flow projections, namely sales growth rates, profit margins, discount rates and terminal growth rates by comparing the Group s assumptions against historical trends, recent performances and corroborated certain information with externally derived data where available.
We assessed the sensitivity of the outcome of the impairment assessment to changes in key assumptions, including forecast growth rate, discount rate and terminal value applied and considered whether there were any indicators of management bias in the selection of the key assumptions.
We also assessed adequacy of disclosures in the financial statements.
Our findings We found the identification of triggering events and the determination of CGU to be reasonable and appropriate.
On Riviera Quad and CMJV, we found management s assessment using annuity growth formula to compute the terminal value to be more appropriate than using the exit multiple approach as the CGU has a finite operating period and the current EBITDA multiples may not reflect the market conditions in the 8th year.
We found the key assumptions and estimates except for the terminal growth rate, used in determining the recoverable amount for Myanmar Group, Riviera Quad and CMJV to be within a supportable range.
Based on our stress test on terminal growth rates, no impairment was noted for Myanmar Group and Riviera Quad and CMJV.
Key assumptions and estimates made by management in determining the recoverable values, and sensitivity analysis are adequately disclosed in the financial statements.
Other information Management is responsible for the other information contained in the annual report.
Other information is defined as all information in the annual report other than the financial statements and our auditors  report thereon.
We have obtained all other information prior to the date of this auditors  report.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.
106 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED INDEPENDENT AUDITORS  REPORT Members of the Company OUE Healthcare Limited (formerly known as OUE Lippo Healthcare Limited) Responsibilities of management and directors for the financial statements Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the provisions of the Act and SFRS(I)s, and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorised use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The directors  responsibilities include overseeing the Group s financial reporting process.
Auditors  responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors  report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit.
We also: l Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls.
l Obtain an understanding of internal controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group s internal controls.
l Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
l Conclude on the appropriateness of management s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group s ability to continue as a going concern.
If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors  report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.
Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors  report.
However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
l Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
l Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 107 INDEPENDENT AUDITORS  REPORT Members of the Company OUE Healthcare Limited (formerly known as OUE Lippo Healthcare Limited) We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal controls that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditors  report unless the law or regulations preclude public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements In our opinion, the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the Company and by those subsidiary corporations incorporated in Singapore of which we are the auditors have been properly kept in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditors  report is Ong Li Qin.
KPMG LLP Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants Singapore 28 March 2024 108 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION As at 31 December 2023 Group Company 2023 2022 2023 2022 Note $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 ASSETS Property, plant and equipment 5 8,794 8,201 747 248 Intangible assets and goodwill 6 30,722 30,785     Investment properties 7 1,139,468 1,145,343     Investment properties under development 8 48,493 52,283     Subsidiaries 9     * * Associate and joint ventures 10 130,885 70,550 23,607 23,607 Other investment 11 2,648 2,817     Trade and other receivables 12 3,223 3,358 305,816 58,872 Derivative financial instruments 13   1,248     Non-current assets 1,364,233 1,314,585 330,170 82,727 Inventories 14 855 774     Trade and other receivables 12 22,834 20,350 14,737 259,295 Derivative financial instruments 13 560       Cash and cash equivalents 15 59,618 66,877 2,863 9,648 Current assets 83,867 88,001 17,600 268,943 Total assets 1,448,100 1,402,586 347,770 351,670 EQUITY Share capital 16 418,913 418,913 418,913 418,913 Convertible perpetual securities 17 79,635 79,635 79,635 79,635 Capital reserve 18 4,285 4,203     Asset revaluation reserve 18 3,630 3,630     Foreign currency translation reserve 18 (50,445) (39,517)     Fair value reserve 18 (25,703) (25,920)     Accumulated losses (136,119) (142,210) (218,532) (206,811) Equity attributable to owners of the Company 294,196 298,734 280,016 291,737 Non-controlling interests 19 461,816 459,289     Total equity 756,012 758,023 280,016 291,737 * Less than $1,000 The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 109 STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION As at 31 December 2023 Group Company 2023 2022 2023 2022 Note $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 LIABILITIES Loans and borrowings 20 517,306 449,614 11,875   Trade and other payables 21 18,557 29,023     Lease liabilities 22 2,210 1,252 292   Deferred tax liabilities 23 50,477 51,772     Derivative financial instruments 13 259       Non-current liabilities 588,809 531,661 12,167   Loans and borrowings 20 31,346 52,933 30,000 30,189 Trade and other payables 21 46,455 35,895 5,098 9,020 Provisions 24 20,199 20,724 20,199 20,724 Lease liabilities 22 1,683 1,024 284   Current tax liabilities 3,569 1,832 6   Derivative financial instruments 13 27 494     Current liabilities 103,279 112,902 55,587 59,933 Total liabilities 692,088 644,563 67,754 59,933 Total equity and liabilities 1,448,100 1,402,586 347,770 351,670 The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
110 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Year ended 31 December 2023 2023 2022 Note $ 000 $ 000 Revenue 25 159,315 119,796 Cost of sales (37,585) (18,187) Gross profit 121,730 101,609 Administrative expenses (30,881) (24,344) Other income/(expenses), net 26 11,563 (6,140) Results from operating activities 102,412 71,125 Finance income 701 456 Finance costs (30,287) (20,373) Net finance costs 27 (29,586) (19,917) Share of results of equity-accounted investees (net of tax) 1,692 (1,473) Profit before tax 28 74,518 49,735 Tax expense 29 (17,008) (17,239) Profit after tax for the year 57,510 32,496 Other comprehensive income Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss Foreign currency translation differences relating to foreign operations (22,183) (82,476) Share of foreign currency translation differences of equity-accounted investees (1,769) (5,886) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss Share of fair value reserve of equity-accounted investees 387 (3,123) Net change in fair value - equity investment at FVOCI (170)   Other comprehensive income, net of tax (23,735) (91,485) Total comprehensive income for the year 33,775 (58,989) Profit attributable to: Owners of the Company 8,049 4,392 Non-controlling interests 49,461 28,104 57,510 32,496 Total comprehensive income attributable to: Owners of the Company (2,580) (36,087) Non-controlling interests 36,355 (22,902) 33,775 (58,989) Earnings per share Basic earnings per share (cents) 30 0.18 0.10 Diluted earnings per share (cents) 30 0.11 0.06 The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 111 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY Year ended 31 December 2023 Attributable to owners of the Company Foreign Convertible Asset currency Non- Share perpetual Capital revaluation translation Fair value Accumulated controlling Total capital securities reserve reserve reserve reserve losses Total interests equity Note $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 2023 At 1 January 2023 418,913 79,635 4,203 3,630 (39,517) (25,920) (142,210) 298,734 459,289 758,023 Total comprehensive income for the year Profit for the year             8,049 8,049 49,461 57,510 Other comprehensive income Foreign currency translation differences relating to foreign operations     82   (9,159)     (9,077) (13,106) (22,183) Share of foreign currency translation differences of equity-accounted investees         (1,769)     (1,769)   (1,769) Share of fair value reserve of equity-accounted investees           387   387   387 Net change in fair value   equity investment at FVOCI           (170)   (170)   (170) Total other comprehensive income, net of tax     82   (10,928) 217   (10,629) (13,106) (23,735) Total comprehensive income for the year     82   (10,928) 217 8,049 (2,580) 36,355 33,775 Transactions with owners, recognised directly in equity Contributions by and distributions to owners Distribution to perpetual securities holders by a subsidiary 19                 (1,656) (1,656) Distribution to unitholders and dividends paid to shareholders by subsidiaries 19                 (34,130) (34,130) Total contributions by and distributions to owners                 (35,786) (35,786) Changes in ownership interest in subsidiaries Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without a change in control 37(b)             (1,958) (1,958) 1,958   Total changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries             (1,958) (1,958) 1,958   Total transactions with owners             (1,958) (1,958) (33,828) (35,786) At 31 December 2023 418,913 79,635 4,285 3,630 (50,445) (25,703) (136,119) 294,196 461,816 756,012 The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
112 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY Year ended 31 December 2023 Attributable to owners of the Company Foreign Convertible Asset currency Non- Share perpetual Capital revaluation translation Fair value Accumulated controlling Total capital securities reserve reserve reserve reserve losses Total interests equity Note $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 2022 At 1 January 2022 418,913 79,635   3,630 (6,791) (22,797) (147,967) 324,623 (429) 324,194 Total comprehensive income for the year Profit for the year             4,392 4,392 28,104 32,496 Other comprehensive income Foreign currency translation differences relating to foreign operations         (31,470)     (31,470) (51,006) (82,476) Share of foreign currency translation differences of equity-accounted investees         (5,886)     (5,886)   (5,886) Share of fair value reserve of equity-accounted investees           (3,123)   (3,123)   (3,123) Total other comprehensive income, net of tax         (37,356) (3,123)   (40,479) (51,006) (91,485) Total comprehensive income for the year         (37,356) (3,123) 4,392 (36,087) (22,902) (58,989) Transactions with owners, recognised directly in equity Contributions by and distributions to owners Perpetual securities redemption, distribution and gain on redemption, net transaction costs by a subsidiary 19             2,593 2,593 (21,715) (19,122) Distribution to perpetual securities holders by a subsidiary 19                 (1,481) (1,481) Distribution to unitholders by a subsidiary 19                 (24,059) (24,059) Total contributions by and distributions to owners             2,593 2,593 (47,255) (44,662) Changes in ownership interest in subsidiaries Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without a change in control 37(b)             (1,228) (1,228) 1,228   Disposal of subsidiaries to non-controlling interests without a change in control 37(a)     4,203   4,630     8,833 92,190 101,023 Capital contribution from a fellow subsidiary                 400 400 Acquisition of a subsidiary with perpetual securities holders 31(a)                 59,651 59,651 Acquisition of subsidiaries with non-controlling interest 31                 376,406 376,406 Total changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries     4,203   4,630   (1,228) 7,605 529,875 537,480 Total transactions with owners     4,203   4,630   1,365 10,198 482,620 492,818 At 31 December 2022 418,913 79,635 4,203 3,630 (39,517) (25,920) (142,210) 298,734 459,289 758,023 The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 113 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS Year ended 31 December 2023 2023 2022 Note $ 000 $ 000 Cash flows from operating activities Profit after tax 57,510 32,496 Adjustments for: Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 5 2,155 1,496 Net fair value (gains)/losses on investment properties 7 (10,834) 8,692 Fair value losses on investment properties under development 8 948 1,429 Net fair value losses of derivative financial instruments 477 420 Property, plant and equipment written-off 2 5 Adjustment on rental straight-lining 7 (15,189) (16,358) Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment 5 589   Interest income 27 (701) (456) Interest expense 27 26,546 19,271 Net gain from the First REIT transaction 31(a)   (3,144) Losses on disposal of quoted shares 7 30 Loss on disposal of a subsidiary 32   713 Reversal of provision for site restoration 24   (910) Share of results of equity-accounted investees, net of tax (1,692) 1,473 Manager s management fees settled in units 4,468 3,980 Trade and other receivables written off 28 455 127 Trade and other payable written back (1,705)   Tax expense 29 17,008 17,239 80,044 66,503 Changes in: - Inventories (81) (478) - Trade and other receivables (2,718) 24,406 - Trade and other payables 1,186 (26,333) Cash generated from operations 78,431 64,098 Tax paid (12,908) (12,479) Net cash from operating activities 65,523 51,619 The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
114 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS Year ended 31 December 2023 2023 2022 Note $ 000 $ 000 Cash flows from investing activities Acquisition of equity-accounted investees 10 (57,120)   Acquisition of investment properties 7   (31,061) Acquisition of other investment 11   (2,817) Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired 31(b)   (18,639) Capital contribution in equity-accounted investees 10 (2,904) (4,901) Capital contribution from a fellow subsidiary   400 Capital expenditures to investment properties 7 (4,923) (4,278) Dividends from an equity-accounted investee   2,830 Investment in quoted shares (117) (383) Disposals of quoted shares 110 492 Net cash inflow from the First REIT transaction 31(a)   58,484 Net cash inflow from disposal of a subsidiary 32 246 37,954 Repayment of loan from joint venture   3,000 Repayment of advance to joint venture partner 1,800 2,310 Interest received 540 413 Purchase of property, plant and equipment (477) (610) Net cash (used in)/from investing activities (62,845) 43,194 Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from borrowings 20 191,118 379,271 Repayment of borrowings 20 (136,262) (387,968) Payment of lease liabilities 20, 22 (1,866) (1,066) Proceeds from settlement of derivative financial instruments 4   Loan from a fellow subsidiary 35   8,000 Perpetual securities redemption, distribution and gain on redemption, net transaction cost by a subsidiary 19   (19,122) Distribution to perpetual securities holders by a subsidiary 19 (1,656) (1,481) Distribution to unitholders and dividends paid to shareholders by subsidiaries 19 (34,130) (24,059) Payment of transaction costs related to loans and borrowings 20 (3,778) (7,176) Interest paid 20 (21,523) (14,328) Net cash used in financing activities (8,093) (67,929) The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 115 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS Year ended 31 December 2023 2023 2022 Note $ 000 $ 000 Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (5,415) 26,884 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of financial year 66,877 43,823 Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash and cash equivalents (1,844) (3,830) Cash and cash equivalents at end of financial year 15 59,618 66,877 Significant non-cash transactions During the year, there were the following significant non-cash transactions: For the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023, 7,439,255 units in First Real Estate Investment Trust ( First REIT ), amounting to approximately $1,835,000 were issued to the Manager, First REIT Management Limited ( FRML ) as satisfaction of the base management fee paid to the Manager.
The performance management fees for the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023, 10,096,541 units, amounting to approximately $2,633,000 will be issued to the Manager in financial year 2024 based on 10 days volume weighted average price as at 31 December 2023.
For the period from 1 March 2022 to 31 December 2022, 6,089,765 First REIT units, amounting to approximately $1,658,000 were issued by First REIT to the Manager as satisfaction of the base management fee paid to the Manager.
In addition, the Manager s performance management fees, for the period from 1 March 2022 to 31 December 2022, amounting to approximately $2,322,000 will be settled through the issuance of First REIT units based on 10 days volume weighted average price as at 31 December 2022.
On 1 March 2022, 431,147,541 units in First REIT amounting to approximately $131,500,000 were issued to the Company, as part of the consideration paid to the Company pursuant to the divestment of Japan subsidiaries to First REIT (note 31(a) and 37(a)).
In addition, existing balances with the Japan subsidiaries amounting to $20,158,000, net, were novated to First REIT as part of the settlement of the consideration.
On 22 December 2022, 791,394 First REIT units, amounting to approximately $202,000 were issued by First REIT to FRML as divestment fees for the divestment of an indirect subsidiary that held the Siloam Hospitals Surabaya (note 32).
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
116 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS These notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
The financial statements were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 28 March 2024.
1.
DOMICILE AND ACTIVITIES OUE Healthcare Limited (formerly known as OUE Lippo Healthcare Limited) (the  Company ) is a company incorporated in Singapore.
The address of the Company s registered office is at 6 Shenton Way, #10-10, OUE Downtown, Singapore 068809.
The principal activity of the Company is that of investment holding.
The principal activities of its significant subsidiaries are as disclosed in note 9 to the financial statements.
The financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 comprise the Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the  Group  and individually as  Group entities ) and the Group s interests in equity- accounted investees.
The Company s immediate holding company is Treasure International Holdings Pte.
Ltd. and the intermediate holding company is OUE Limited.
Both companies are incorporated in Singapore.
The Company s ultimate holding company is Lippo ASM Asia Property Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands.
2.
GOING CONCERN The Group reported a net profit of $57,510,000 (2022: $32,496,000) for the year ended 31 December 2023.
As at 31 December 2023, the Group s net current liabilities amounted to $19,412,000 (2022: $24,901,000).
Notwithstanding the Group s net current liability position as at 31 December 2023, the financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis because management, having assessed the sources of liquidity and funding available to the Group, believes that the Group can continue as a going concern for the foreseeable future.
These include unutilised loan facilities of $15 million, the projected net operating cash inflows for the next 12 months and available cash reserves as at 31 December 2023 to finance the Group s working capital and day-to-day operation requirements.
3.
BASIS OF PREPARATION 3.1 Statement of compliance The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ( SFRS(I) ).
The changes to material accounting policies are described in note 3.5.
3.2 Basis of measurement The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except as otherwise described in the notes below.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 117 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 3.
BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONT D) 3.3 Functional and presentation currency These financial statements are presented in Singapore dollars, which is the Company s functional currency.
All financial information presented in Singapore dollars have been rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise stated.
3.4 Use of estimates and judgements The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with SFRS(I) requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.
Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis.
Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised prospectively.
Information about critical judgements in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements is included in the following notes: l note 8   classification of investment properties under development; and l notes 9 and 10   assessment of ability to control or exert significant influence over partly owned investments.
Information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are included in the following notes: l notes 5 and 6   measurement of recoverable amounts for property, plant and equipment and goodwill; l notes 7 and 8   determination of fair value of investment properties and investment properties under development; l notes 9, and 10   measurement of recoverable amounts for subsidiaries, and associate and joint ventures; l notes 24 and 33   recognition and measurement of provisions and contingencies: key assumptions about the likelihood and magnitude of an outflow of resources; and l note 31   acquisition of subsidiaries: fair value of the consideration transferred (including contingent consideration and fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed).
118 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 3.
BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONT D) 3.4 Use of estimates and judgements (cont d) Measurement of fair values A number of the Group s accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.
The Group has an established control framework with respect to the measurement of fair values.
The framework includes a finance team that reports directly to the Group Finance Director and has overall responsibility for all significant fair value measurement, including Level 3 fair values, where applicable.
The finance team regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments.
If third party information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to measure fair values, then the finance team assesses and documents the evidence obtained from the third parties to support the conclusion that these valuations meet the requirements of SFRS(I), including the level in the fair value hierarchy in which the valuations should be classified.
Significant valuation issues are reported to the Group s Audit and Risk Committee.
When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses observable market data as far as possible.
Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation techniques as follows: Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
If the inputs used to measure the fair value of an asset or a liability fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy, then the fair value measurement is categorised in its entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement (with Level 3 being the lowest).
The Group recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy as of the end of the reporting period during which the change has occurred.
Further information about the assumptions made in measuring fair values is included in the following notes: l note 7   investment properties; l note 8   investment properties under development; l note 13   derivative financial instruments; and l note 34   financial instruments.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 119 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 3.
BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONT D) 3.5 Changes in material accounting policies New accounting standards and amendments The Group has applied the following SFRS(I)s, amendments to and interpretations of SFRS(I) for the first time for the annual period beginning on 1 January 2023: l SFRS(I) 17: Insurance Contracts l Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-12: Deferred tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction l Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-12: International Tax Reform   Pillar Two Model Rules l Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 and Practice Statement 2: Disclosure of Accounting Policies l Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-8: Definition of Accounting Estimates Other than the below, the application of these amendments to accounting standards and interpretations does not have a material effect on the financial statements.
Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction The Group has adopted Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-12: Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction from 1 January 2023.
The amendments narrow the scope of the initial recognition exemption to exclude transactions that give rise to equal and offsetting temporary differences - e.g. leases and decommissioning liabilities.
For leases, an entity is required to recognise the associated deferred tax assets and liabilities from the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented, with any cumulative effect recognised as an adjustment to retained earnings or other components of equity at that date.
For all other transactions, an entity applies the amendments to transactions that occur on or after the beginning of the earliest period presented.
The Group previously accounted for deferred tax on leases by applying the  integrally linked  approach, resulting in a similar outcome as under the amendments, except that the deferred tax asset or liability was recognised on a net basis.
Following the amendments, the Group has recognised a separate deferred tax asset in relation to its lease liabilities and a deferred tax liability in relation to its right-of-use assets.
However, there was no impact on the statement of financial position because the balances qualify for offset under paragraph 74 of SFRS(I) 1-12.
There was also no impact on the opening retained earnings as at 1 January 2022 as a result of the change.
The key impact for the Group relates to the disclosure of the deferred tax assets and labilities recognised (note 23).
Global minimum top-up tax The Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-12: International Tax Reform   Pillar Two Model Rules provide a temporary mandatory exception from deferred tax accounting for the top-up tax that may arise from the jurisdictional adoption of the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) and require new disclosures about the Pillar Two tax exposure.
The mandatory exception is effective immediately and applies retrospectively.
Based on the Group s preliminary assessment, the Group is not in scope of OECD Pillar Two model rules therefore do not anticipate any material impact on the taxes.
120 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 3.
BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONT D) 3.5 Changes in material accounting policies (cont d) New accounting standards and amendments (cont d) Material accounting policy information The Group adopted Amendments to SFRS(I)1-1 and SFRS(I) Practice Statement 2: Disclosure of Accounting Policies for the first time in 2023.
Although the amendments did not result in any changes to the accounting policies themselves, they impacted the accounting policy information disclosed in the financial statements.
The amendments require the disclosure of  material , rather than  significant , accounting policies.
The amendments also provide guidance on the application of materiality to disclosure of accounting policies, assisting entities to provide useful, entity-specific accounting policy information that users need to understand other information in the financial statements.
Management reviewed the accounting policies and made updates to the information disclosed in note 4 Material accounting policies (2022: Significant accounting policies) in certain instances in line with the amendments.
4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements, except as explained in note 3.5, which addresses changes in accounting policies.
In addition, the Group adopted the Amendments to SFRS(I)1-1 and SFRS(I) Practice Statement 2 Disclosure of Accounting Policies from 1 January 2023.
The amendments require the disclosure of  material , rather than  significant , accounting policies.
Although the amendments did not result in any changes to the accounting policies themselves, they impacted the accounting policy information disclosed in note 4 in certain instances (note 3.5 for further information).
4.1 Basis of consolidation (i) Business combinations The Group accounts for business combinations under the acquisition method when the acquired set of activities and assets meets the definition of a business and control is transferred to the Group (note ii).
In determining whether a particular set of activities and assets is a business, the Group assesses whether the set of assets and activities acquired includes, at a minimum, an input and substantive process and whether the acquired set has the ability to produce outputs.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 121 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 4.1 Basis of consolidation (cont d) (i) Business combinations (cont d) The Group has an option to apply a  concentration test  that permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business.
The optional concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets.
The consideration transferred in the acquisition is generally measured at fair value, as are the identifiable net assets acquired.
Any goodwill that arises is tested annually for impairment.
Any gain on a bargain purchase is recognised in profit or loss immediately.
Transaction costs are expensed as incurred, except if related to the issue of debt or equity securities.
The consideration transferred does not include amounts related to the settlement of pre-existing relationships.
Such amounts are generally recognised in profit or loss.
Any contingent consideration payable is recognised at fair value at the date of acquisition and included in the consideration transferred.
If the contingent consideration that meets the definition of a financial instrument is classified as equity, it is not remeasured, and settlement is accounted for within equity.
Otherwise, other contingent consideration is remeasured at fair value at each reporting date and subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration are recognised in profit or loss.
Non-controlling interest ( NCI ) are measured at the NCI s proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree s identifiable net assets, at the date of acquisition.
Changes in the Group s interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions.
(ii) Subsidiaries Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group.
The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity.
The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the date that control ceases.
The accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed when necessary to align them with the policies adopted by the Group.
Losses applicable to the NCI in a subsidiary are allocated to the NCI even if doing so causes the NCI to have a deficit balance.
(iii) Acquisitions from entities under common control Business combinations arising from transfers of interests in entities that are under the control of the shareholder that controls the Group are accounted for as if the acquisition had occurred at the beginning of the earliest comparative year presented or, if later, at the date that common control was established; for this purpose comparatives are restated.
The assets and liabilities acquired are recognised at the carrying amounts recognised previously in the Group s controlling shareholder s consolidated financial statements.
The components of equity of the acquired entities are added to the same components within Group equity and any gain/loss arising is recognised directly in equity.
122 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 4.1 Basis of consolidation (cont d) (iv) Loss of control When the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, and any related NCI and other components of equity.
Any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.
Any interest retained in the former subsidiary is measured at fair value when control is lost.
(v) Investments in associate and joint ventures (equity-accounted investees) Associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over the financial and operating policies of the entity.
A joint venture is an arrangement in which the Group has joint control, whereby the Group has rights to the net assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities.
Investments in associate and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method.
They are recognised initially at cost, which includes transaction costs.
Subsequent to initial recognition, the consolidated financial statements include the Group s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income ( OCI ) of equity-accounted investees, after adjustments to align the accounting policies with those of the Group, from the date that significant influence or joint control commences until the date that significant influence or joint control ceases.
When the Group s share of losses exceeds its investment in an equity-accounted investee, the carrying amount of the investment, together with any long-term interests that form part thereof, is reduced to zero, and the recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has an obligation to fund the investee s operations or has made payments on behalf of the investee.
(vi) Transactions eliminated on consolidation Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
Unrealised gains arising from transactions with equity- accounted investees are eliminated against the investment to the extent of the Group s interest in the investee.
Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.
(vii) Subsidiaries, associate and joint ventures in the separate financial statements Investments in subsidiaries, associate and joint ventures are stated in the Company s statement of financial position at cost less accumulated impairment losses.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 123 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 4.2 Foreign currency (i) Foreign currency transactions Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of Group entities at exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at that date.
Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at the date that the fair value was determined.
Non-monetary items in a foreign currency that are measured in terms of historical cost are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction.
Foreign currency differences arising on translation are recognised in profit or loss and presented within finance costs or income.
However, foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the following items are recognised in OCI: l an investment in equity securities designated as at fair value through other comprehensive income ( FVOCI ); l a financial liability designated as a hedge of the net investment in a foreign operation to the extent that the hedge is effective; or l qualifying cash flow hedges to the extent that the hedges are effective.
(ii) Foreign operations The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on acquisition, are translated to Singapore dollars at exchange rates at the reporting date.
The income and expenses of foreign operations are translated to Singapore dollars at exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.
Foreign currency differences are recognised in OCI and presented in the foreign currency translation reserve in equity.
However, if the foreign operation is a non-wholly owned subsidiary, then the relevant proportionate share of the translation difference is allocated to the NCI.
When a foreign operation is disposed of such that control, significant influence or joint control is lost, the cumulative amount in the translation reserve related to that foreign operation is reclassified to profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal.
When the Group disposes of only part of its interest in a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation while retaining control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative amount is reattributed to NCI.
When the Group disposes of only part of its investment in an associate or joint venture that includes a foreign operation while retaining significant influence or joint control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative amount is reclassified to profit or loss.
When the settlement of a monetary item receivable from or payable to a foreign operation is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future, foreign exchange gains and losses arising from such a monetary item that are considered to form part of a net investment in a foreign operation are recognised in OCI, and are presented in the foreign currency translation reserve in equity.
124 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 4.3 Financial instruments (i) Recognition and initial measurement Non-derivative financial assets and financial liabilities Trade receivables are initially recognised when they are originated.
All other financial assets and financial liabilities are initially recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component) or financial liability is initially measured at fair value plus, for an item not at fair value through profit or loss ( FVTPL ), transaction costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue.
A trade receivable without a significant financing component is initially measured at the transaction price.
(ii) Classification and subsequent measurement Non-derivative financial assets On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at amortised cost and FVOCI   equity investment.
Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes its business model for managing financial assets, in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on the first day of the first reporting period following the change in the business model.
Financial assets at amortised cost A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at FVTPL: l it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and l its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
Equity investments at FVOCI On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held-for-trading, the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in the investment s fair value in OCI.
This election is made on an investment-by-investment basis.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 125 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 4.3 Financial instruments (cont d) (ii) Classification and subsequent measurement (cont d) Non-derivative financial assets (cont d) Financial assets at FVTPL All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income ( FVOCI ) are measured at FVTPL.
On initial recognition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at amortised cost or at FVOCI as at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise.
These assets are subsequently measured at fair value.
Net gains and losses, including any interest or dividend income, are recognised in profit or loss.
Financial assets: Business model assessment The Group makes an assessment of the objective of the business model in which a financial asset is held at a portfolio level because this best reflects the way the business is managed and information is provided to management.
Transfers of financial assets to third parties in transactions that do not qualify for derecognition are not considered sales for this purpose, consistent with the Group s continuing recognition of the assets.
The business models of the Group are as follows: Held for trading The Group holds a portfolio of listed equity securities, interest rate swaps, interest rate caps, and forward exchange contracts for the purposes of trading.
Non-derivative financial assets: Assessment whether contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) In assessing whether the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest, the Group considers the contractual terms of the instrument.
This includes assessing whether the financial asset contains a contractual term that could change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows such that it would not meet this condition.
In making this assessment, the Group considers: l contingent events that would change the amount or timing of cash flows; l terms that may adjust the contractual coupon rate, including variable rate features; l prepayment and extension features; and l terms that limit the Group s claim to cash flows from specified assets (e.g. non-recourse features).
126 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 4.3 Financial instruments (cont d) (ii) Classification and subsequent measurement (cont d) A prepayment feature is consistent with the solely payments of principal and interest criterion if the prepayment amount substantially represents unpaid amounts of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, which may include reasonable additional compensation for early termination of the contract.
Additionally, for a financial asset acquired at a significant discount or premium to its contractual par amount, a feature that permits or requires prepayment at an amount that substantially represents the contractual par amount plus accrued (but unpaid) contractual interest (which may also include reasonable additional compensation for early termination) is treated as consistent with this criterion if the fair value of the prepayment feature is insignificant at initial recognition.
Non-derivative financial assets: Subsequent measurement and gains and losses Financial assets at amortised cost These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
The amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses.
Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss.
Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.
Equity investments at FVOCI These assets are subsequently measured at fair value.
Dividends are recognised as income in profit or loss unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.
Other net gains and losses are recognised in OCI and are never reclassified to profit or loss.
Non-derivative financial liabilities: Classification, subsequent measurement and gains and losses Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL.
A financial liability is classified as at FVTPL if it is classified as held-for-trading or it is designated as such on initial recognition.
Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense, are recognised in profit or loss.
Directly attributable transaction costs are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.
Other financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs.
They are subsequently measured at amortised cost under the effective interest method.
Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 127 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 4.3 Financial instruments (cont d) (iii) Derecognition Financial assets The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in which the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and it does not retain control of the financial asset.
Transferred assets are not derecognised when the Group enters into transactions whereby it transfers assets recognised in its statement of financial position but retains either all or substantially all of the risks and rewards of the transferred assets.
Financial liabilities The Group derecognises a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled or expire.
The Group also derecognises a financial liability when its terms are modified and the cash flows of the modified liability are substantially different, in which case a new financial liability based on the modified terms is recognised at fair value.
On derecognition of a financial liability, the difference between the carrying amount extinguished and the consideration paid (including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed) is recognised in profit or loss.
Interest rate benchmark reform When the basis for determining the contractual cash flows of a financial asset or financial liability measured at amortised cost changed as a result of interest rate benchmark reform, the Group updated the effective interest rate of the financial asset or financial liability to reflect the change that is required by the reform.
No immediate gain or loss was recognised.
A change in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows is required by interest rate benchmark reform if the following conditions are met: l the change is necessary as a direct consequence of the reform; and l the new basis for determining the contractual cash flows is economically equivalent to the previous basis   i.e. the basis immediately before the change.
When changes were made to a financial asset or financial liability in addition to changes to the basis for determining the contractual cash flows required by interest rate benchmark reform, the Group first updated the effective interest rate of the financial asset or financial liability to reflect the change that is required by interest rate benchmark reform.
After that, the Group applies the policies on accounting for modifications to the additional changes.
128 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 4.3 Financial instruments (cont d) (iv) Offsetting Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the amounts and it intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
(v) Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and short-term deposits with maturities of three months or less from the date of acquisition that are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in their fair value, and are used by the Group in the management of its short-term commitments.
For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and that form an integral part of the Group s cash management are included in cash and cash equivalents.
(vi) Derivative financial instruments The Group holds derivative financial instruments to hedge its foreign currency and interest rate risk exposures.
Embedded derivatives are separated from the host contract and accounted for separately if the host contract is not a financial asset and certain criteria are met.
Derivatives are initially measured at fair value and any directly attributable transaction costs are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.
Subsequent to initial recognition, derivatives are measured at fair value, and changes therein are generally recognised in profit or loss.
(vii) Share capital Ordinary shares Ordinary shares are classified as equity.
Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares are recognised as a deduction from equity.
Income tax relating to transaction costs of an equity transaction is accounted for in accordance with SFRS(I) 1-12.
(viii) Convertible perpetual securities Convertible perpetual securities relate to redeemable convertible perpetual bonds issued by the Company, denominated in Singapore dollars, that can be redeemed at the option of the Company (issuer), and can be converted to ordinary shares at the option of the holder, where the number of shares to be issued is fixed and does not vary with changes in fair value.
The Convertible perpetual securities are classified as equity, because they bear discretionary coupons, do not contain any obligations to deliver cash or other financial assets and do not require settlement in a variable number of the Group s equity instruments.
Discretionary coupons thereon are recognised as equity distributions on approval by the Company s shareholders.
The Convertible perpetual securities are initially recognised at the fair value.
The equity instrument is not remeasured, and on conversion at maturity, no gain or loss is recognised.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 129 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 4.3 Financial instruments (cont d) (ix) Intra-group financial guarantees in the separate financial statements Financial guarantees are financial instruments issued by the Company that require the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder for the loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to meet payment when due in accordance with the original or modified terms of a debt instrument.
Financial guarantees issued are initially measured at fair value.
Subsequently, they are measured at the higher of the loss allowance determined in accordance with SFRS(I) 9 and the amount initially recognised less, when appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised in accordance with the principles of SFRS(I) 15.
Expected credit losses ( ECLs ) are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses.
ECLs are measured for financial guarantees issued as the expected payments to reimburse the holder less any amounts that the Company expects to recover.
Liabilities arising from ECLs for financial guarantees issued are presented in the Company s statement of financial position as  loans and borrowings .
4.4 Property, plant and equipment (i) Recognition and measurement Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost, which includes capitalised borrowing costs, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.
Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset.
The cost of self-constructed assets includes: l the cost of materials and direct labour; l any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to a working condition for their intended use; l when the Group has an obligation to remove the asset or restore the site, an estimate of the costs of dismantling and removing the items and restoring the site on which they are located; and l capitalised borrowing costs.
If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.
The gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit or loss.
(ii) Subsequent costs The cost of replacing a component of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in the carrying amount of the item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the component will flow to the Group, and its cost can be measured reliably.
The carrying amount of the replaced component is derecognised.
The costs of the day-to-day servicing of property, plant and equipment are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.
130 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 4.4 Property, plant and equipment (cont d) (iii) Depreciation Depreciation is based on the cost of an asset less its residual value.
Significant components of individual assets are assessed and if a component has a useful life that is different from the remainder of that asset, that component is depreciated separately.
Depreciation is recognised as an expense in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each component of an item of property, plant and equipment, unless it is included in the carrying amount of another asset.
Leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their useful lives unless it is reasonably certain that the Group will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term.
Depreciation is recognised from the date that the property, plant and equipment are installed and are ready for use, or in respect of internally constructed assets, from the date that the asset is completed and ready for use.
The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative years are as follows: l Leasehold land held for own use 50 years l Buildings 16   35 years l Properties leased for own use 2   8 years l Office renovation, furniture, fixtures and equipment 1   8 years l Medical equipment 3   8 years l Motor vehicles 5 years Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and adjusted if appropriate.
4.5 Intangible assets and goodwill Goodwill Goodwill that arises upon the acquisition of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets.
For the measurement of goodwill at initial recognition, see note 4.1(i).
Subsequent measurement Goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses.
In respect of associate and joint ventures, the carrying amount of goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the investment, and an impairment loss on such an investment is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the associate and joint ventures.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 131 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 4.6 Investment properties and investment properties under development Investment properties (including those under development) are properties held either to earn rental income or for capital appreciation or for both, but not for sale in the ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes.
Investment properties and investment properties under development are measured at cost on initial recognition and subsequently at fair value with any change therein recognised in profit or loss.
Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment properties (including those under development).
The cost of self-constructed investment properties and investment properties under development includes the cost of materials and direct labour, any other costs directly attributable to bringing the investment properties (including those under development) to a working condition for their intended use and capitalised borrowing costs.
Any gain or loss on disposal of investment properties and investment properties under development (calculated as the difference between the net proceeds from disposal and the carrying amount of the item) is recognised in profit or loss.
When an investment property (including those under development) that was previously classified as property, plant and equipment is sold, any related amount included in the revaluation reserve is transferred to retained earnings.
When the use of the property changes such that it is reclassified as property, plant and equipment, its fair value at the date of reclassification becomes its cost for subsequent accounting.
4.7 Leases At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease.
A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
As a lessee At commencement or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of its relative stand-alone prices.
However, for the leases of property, the Group has elected not to separate non-lease components and account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component.
The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date.
The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received.
The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated under the straight-line method from the commencement date to the end of the lease term, unless the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects that the Group will exercise a purchase option.
In that case the right-of- use asset will be depreciated over the useful life of the underlying asset, which is determined on the same basis as those of property and equipment.
In addition, the right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.
132 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 4.7 Leases (cont d) As a lessee (cont d) The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the lessee s incremental borrowing rate.
Generally, the Group uses the lessee s incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate.
The Group determines the lessee s incremental borrowing rate by obtaining interest rates from various external financing sources and makes certain adjustments to reflect the terms of the lease and type of the asset leased.
Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following: l fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments; l variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date; l amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; and l the exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments in an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option, and penalties for early termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to terminate early.
The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
It is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group s estimate amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option or if there is a revised in-substance fixed lease payment.
When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right- of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.
The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property in  property, plant and equipment  and lease liabilities in the statement of financial position.
Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases of low-value assets and short- term leases.
The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
As a lessor At inception or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.
When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 133 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 4.7 Leases (cont d) As a lessor (cont d) To classify each lease, the Group makes an overall assessment of whether the lease transfers substantially all of the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset.
If this is the case, then the lease is a finance lease; if not, then it is an operating lease.
As part of this assessment, the Group considers certain indicators such as whether the lease is for the major part of the economic life of the asset.
If an arrangement contains lease and non-lease components, then the Group applies SFRS(I) 15 to allocate the consideration in the contract.
The Group applies the derecognition and impairment requirements in SFRS(I) 9 to the net investment in the lease.
The Group further regularly reviews estimated unguaranteed residual values used in calculating the gross investment in the lease.
The Group recognises lease payments received from investment property under operating leases as income on a straight- line basis over the lease term as part of  revenue .
4.8 Impairment (i) Non-derivative financial assets The Group recognises loss allowances for ECLs on financial assets measured at amortised costs and intra-group financial guarantee contracts ( FGC ).
Loss allowances of the Group are measured on either of the following bases: l 12-month ECLs: these are ECLs that result from default events that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date (or for a shorter period if the expected life of the instrument is less than 12 months); or l Lifetime ECLs: these are ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument.
Simplified approach The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECLs for all trade receivables.
The simplified approach requires the loss allowance to be measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.
General approach The Group applies the general approach to provide for ECLs on all other financial instruments and FGCs.
Under the general approach, the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs at initial recognition.
At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition.
When credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.
134 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 4.8 Impairment (cont d) (i) Non-derivative financial assets (cont d) General approach (cont d) When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and when estimating ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort.
This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group s historical experience and informed credit assessment and includes forward-looking information.
If credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition or if the credit quality of the financial instruments improves such that there is no longer a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs.
The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when: l the debtor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held); or l the financial asset is more than 12 months past due.
The Company considers a FGC to be in default when the debtor of the loan is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the creditor and the Company in full, without recourse by the Company to actions such as realising security (if any is held).
The Company only applies a discount rate if, and to the extent that, the risks are not taken into account by adjusting the expected cash shortfalls.
The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.
Measurement of ECLs ECLs are probability-weighted estimates of credit losses.
Credit losses are measured at the present value of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).
ECLs are discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial asset.
Credit-impaired financial assets At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether financial assets carried at amortised cost are credit-impaired.
A financial asset is  credit-impaired  when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.
Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable data: l significant financial difficulty of the debtor; l a breach of contract such as a default or being more than 90 days past due; l the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not consider otherwise; l it is probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or l the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 135 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 4.8 Impairment (cont d) (i) Non-derivative financial assets (cont d) Presentation of allowance for ECLs in the statement of financial position Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount of these assets.
Loss allowances for FGC are recognised as a financial liability to the extent that they exceed the initial carrying amount of the FGC less the cumulated income recognised.
Write-off The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery.
This is generally the case when the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.
However, financial assets that are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the Group s procedures for recovery of amounts due.
(ii) Non-financial assets The carrying amounts of the Group s non-financial assets, other than investment properties, investment properties under development and inventories, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment.
If any such indication exists, then the asset s recoverable amount is estimated.
For goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives or that are not yet available for use, the recoverable amount is estimated each year at the same time.
An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its related cash-generating unit ( CGU ) exceeds its estimated recoverable amount.
The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal.
In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU.
For the purpose of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or CGUs.
Subject to an operating segment ceiling test, for the purposes of goodwill impairment testing, CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated are aggregated so that the level at which impairment testing is performed reflects the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal reporting purposes.
Goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.
The Group s corporate assets do not generate separate cash inflows and are utilised by more than one CGU.
Corporate assets are allocated to CGUs on a reasonable and consistent basis and tested for impairment as part of the testing of the CGU to which the corporate asset is allocated.
Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss.
Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU (group of CGUs), and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other assets in the CGU (group of CGUs) on a pro-rata basis.
136 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 4.8 Impairment (cont d) (ii) Non-financial assets (cont d) An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.
In respect of other assets, impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists.
An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.
An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.
An impairment loss in respect of an associate or joint venture is measured by comparing the recoverable amount of the investment with its carrying amount in accordance with the requirements for non-financial assets.
An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss.
An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a favourable change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount and only to the extent that the recoverable amount increases.
Goodwill that forms part of the carrying amount of an investment in an associate or joint venture is not recognised separately, and therefore is not tested for impairment separately.
Instead, the entire amount of the investment in associate or joint ventures is tested for impairment as a single asset when there is objective evidence that the investment in an associate or joint venture may be impaired.
4.9 Provisions A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation.
Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability.
The unwinding of the discount is recognised as finance cost.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 137 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 4.10 Revenue recognition (i) Goods and services sold Revenue from sale of goods and services in the ordinary course of business is recognised when the Group satisfies a performance obligation ( PO ) by transferring control of a promised good or service to the customer.
The amount of revenue recognised is the amount of the transaction price allocated to the satisfied PO.
The transaction price is allocated to each PO in the contract on the basis of the relative stand-alone selling prices of the promised goods or services.
The individual stand-alone selling price of a good or service that has not previously been sold on a stand-alone basis, or has a highly variable selling price, is determined based on the residual portion of the transaction price after allocating the transaction price to goods and/or services with observable stand-alone selling prices.
A discount or variable consideration is allocated to one or more, but not all, of the performance obligations if it relates specifically to those POs.
The transaction price is the amount of consideration in the contract to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services.
The transaction price may be fixed or variable and is adjusted for time value of money if the contract includes a significant financing component.
Consideration payable to a customer is deducted from the transaction price if the Group does not receive a separate identifiable benefit from the customer.
When consideration is variable, the estimated amount is included in the transaction price to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal of the cumulative revenue will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved.
Revenue may be recognised at a point in time or over time following the timing of satisfaction of the PO.
If a PO is satisfied over time, revenue is recognised based on the percentage of completion reflecting the progress towards complete satisfaction of that PO.
(ii) Rental income from operating leases Rental income received under operating leases is recognised as  revenue  on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, except where an alternative basis is more representative of the pattern of the benefits to be derived from the leased assets.
Lease incentives granted are recognised as an integral part of the total rental to be received.
(iii) Rendering of services Revenue from hospital and other healthcare services is recognised in the period in which the services are rendered.
138 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 4.11 Finance income and finance costs The Group s finance income and finance costs include: l interest income; l interest expense; l the foreign currency gain or loss on financial assets and financial liabilities; and l amortisation of transaction cost.
Interest income or expense is recognised using the effective interest method.
The  effective interest rate  is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts through the expected life of the financial instrument to: l the gross carrying amount of the financial asset; or l the amortised cost of the financial liability.
In calculating interest income and expense, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying amount of the asset (when the asset is not credit-impaired) or to the amortised cost of the liability.
However, for financial assets that have become credit-impaired subsequent to initial recognition, interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset.
If the asset is no longer credit-impaired, then the calculation of interest income reverts to the gross basis.
Borrowing costs that are not directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset are recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest method.
4.12 Tax Tax expense comprises current and deferred tax.
Current tax and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in OCI.
The Group has determined that interest and penalties related to income taxes, including uncertain tax treatments, do not meet the definition of income taxes, and therefore accounted for them under SFRS(I) 1-37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets.
Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
The amount of current tax payable or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects uncertainty related to income taxes, if any.
Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends.
Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.
Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 139 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 4.12 Tax (cont d) Deferred tax is not recognised for: l temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss; l temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associate and joint ventures to the extent that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and l taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill.
The measurement of deferred taxes reflects the tax consequences that would follow the manner in which the Group expects, at the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
For investment property that is measured at fair value, the carrying amount of the investment property is presumed to be recovered through sale, and the Group has not rebutted this presumption.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and assets, and they relate to taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities, but they intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realised simultaneously.
Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be used.
Future taxable profits are determined based on the reversal of relevant taxable temporary differences.
If the amount of taxable temporary differences is insufficient to recognise a deferred tax asset in full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for reversals of existing temporary differences, are considered, based on the business plans for individual subsidiaries in the Group.
Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised; such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.
4.13 Earnings per share The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share data for its ordinary shares.
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year, adjusted for own shares held.
Diluted earnings per share is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding, adjusted for own shares held, for the effect of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, which comprise redeemable convertible perpetual bonds.
4.14 Segment reporting An operating segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, including revenues and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the Group s other components.
All operating segments  operating results are reviewed regularly by the Group s Chief Executive Officer (the  Group CEO ) (the chief operating decision maker) of the Company to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and to assess its performance, and for which discrete financial information is available.
Segment results that are reported to the Group CEO include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis.
Unallocated items comprise mainly corporate assets, head office expenses and tax liabilities.
Segment capital expenditure is the total cost incurred during the year to acquire property, plant and equipment, investment properties, investment properties under development and intangible assets other than goodwill.
140 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 4.15 New standards and interpretations not yet adopted A number of new standards, interpretations and amendments to standards are effective for annual periods beginning after 1 January 2023 and earlier application is permitted; however, the Group has not early adopted the new or amended standards and interpretations in preparing these financial statements.
The Group and the Company are currently still assessing the potential impact of adopting these new standards and interpretations on the financial statements of the Group and the Company.
5.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT Office renovation, Leasehold Right- furniture, property of-use fixtures and Medical Motor under assets Buildings equipment equipment vehicles development Total Note $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Group Cost At 1 January 2022 9,187 2,296 1,894 3,940 337 36,714 54,368 Additions 578   581 15 14   1,188 Acquisition of subsidiaries 31 1,664   195 137     1,996 Derecognition of right-of- use assets (1,864)           (1,864) Write off     (351)       (351) Effect of movements in exchange rates (749) (234) (133) (374) (33) (4,052) (5,575) At 31 December 2022 8,816 2,062 2,186 3,718 318 32,662 49,762 At 1 January 2023 8,816 2,062 2,186 3,718 318 32,662 49,762 Additions 3,162   440 37     3,639 Disposal of a subsidiary 32(a) (120)   (28)       (148) Write off     (112)       (112) Effect of movements in exchange rates (274) (86) (58) (138) (13) (1,491) (2,060) At 31 December 2023 11,584 1,976 2,428 3,617 305 31,171 51,081 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 141 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 5.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONT D) Office renovation, Leasehold Right- furniture, property of-use fixtures and Medical Motor under assets Buildings equipment equipment vehicles development Total Note $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Group Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses At 1 January 2022 3,092 1,307 1,598 3,860 337 36,714 46,908 Depreciation charge for the year 1,023 263 172 36 2   1,496 Derecognition of right-of- use assets (1,603)           (1,603) Write off     (346)       (346) Effect of movements in exchange rates (196) (137) (107) (368) (34) (4,052) (4,894) At 31 December 2022 2,316 1,433 1,317 3,528 305 32,662 41,561 At 1 January 2023 2,316 1,433 1,317 3,528 305 32,662 41,561 Depreciation charge for the year 1,697 62 329 58 9   2,155 Impairment losses 589           589 Disposal of a subsidiary 32(a) (65)   (8)       (73) Write off     (110)       (110) Effect of movements in exchange rates (90) (61) (44) (136) (13) (1,491) (1,835) At 31 December 2023 4,447 1,434 1,484 3,450 301 31,171 42,287 Carrying amounts At 1 January 2022 6,095 989 296 80     7,460 At 31 December 2022 6,500 629 869 190 13   8,201 At 31 December 2023 7,137 542 944 167 4   8,794 As at 31 December 2023, property, plant and equipment of the Group with carrying amounts of $542,000 (2022: $629,000) are mortgaged to banks to secure the related borrowings (note 20(e)(i)).
142 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 5.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONT D) Office renovation, furniture, Right-of- fixtures and use assets equipment Total $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Company Cost At 1 January 2022 1,409 459 1,868 Additions   249 249 Derecognition of right-of-use assets (1,409)   (1,409) Write off   (347) (347) At 31 December 2022   361 361 At 1 January 2023   361 361 Additions 839 30 869 Write off   (83) (83) At 31 December 2023 839 308 1,147 Accumulated depreciation At 1 January 2022 1,016 399 1,415 Depreciation 262 55 317 Derecognition of right-of-use assets (1,278)   (1,278) Write off   (341) (341) At 31 December 2022   113 113 At 1 January 2023   113 113 Depreciation 280 88 368 Write off   (81) (81) At 31 December 2023 280 120 400 Carrying amounts At 1 January 2022 393 60 453 At 31 December 2022   248 248 At 31 December 2023 559 188 747 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 143 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 5.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONT D) Right-of-use assets The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as follows: Group Company 2023 2022 2023 2022 Note $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Ownership interests in leasehold land held for own use, carried at depreciated cost (i) 3,521 4,311     Other properties leased for own use, carried at depreciated cost (ii) 3,616 2,189 559   7,137 6,500 559   (i) Ownership interests in leasehold land held for own use The Group holds a piece of leasehold land in the Republic of China ( PRC ), where its hospital is located.
The leases expire in 2055.
The Group is the registered owner of the property interests.
Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire these property interests from the PRC government authorities, and there is no ongoing payments to be made under the terms of the land lease.
(ii) Other properties leased for own use The Group and the Company have obtained the right to use other properties as their offices through tenancy agreements.
Impairment test for property, plant and equipment The Group reviews the carrying amounts of the assets at each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment.
If any such indication exists, then the asset s recoverable amount is estimated.
When considering impairment indicators, the Group considers both internal (e.g. adverse changes in operating and financial performance of the assets) and external sources (e.g. adverse changes in the business environment).
If an indicator of impairment is noted, further management estimate is required to determine the amount of impairment, if any.
The recoverable amount of the Group s property, plant and equipment was determined based on the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value- in-use calculation.
Determining the value-in-use of property, plant and equipment, which require the determination of future cash flows expected to be generated from the continued use and ultimate disposition of such assets, requires the Group to make estimates and assumptions that can materially affect the financial statements.
Any resulting impairment losses could have a material adverse impact on the Group s financial condition and results of operations.
144 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 5.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONT D) Impairment test for property, plant and equipment (cont d) Ownership interests in leasehold land held for own use The Group has engaged an independent valuer to estimate the value-in-use of the ownership interests in leasehold land based on the discounted cash flow method.
During the year, an impairment loss of $589,000 (2022: $nil) was recognised to write down the carrying amount of the ownership interests in leasehold land held for own use to the estimated recoverable amount, as a result of higher budgeted renovation costs.
Leasehold property under development (Chengdu land) Since prior years, the Chengdu land was fully impaired based on management s assessment of the status of the land, discussions with the relevant authority and the legal advice obtained in relation to the Group s contractual obligations.
As at 31 December 2023, the Group continues to carry the Chengdu land at $nil.
There were no further development and no changes to management s assessment in 2023.
6.
INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL Medical distribution Goodwill licences Total Note $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Group Cost At 1 January 2022 5,354 1,108 6,462 Acquisition of subsidiaries 31(b) 27,754   27,754 Effect of movements in exchange rates (159)   (159) At 31 December 2022 32,949 1,108 34,057 At 1 January 2023 32,949 1,108 34,057 Effect of movements in exchange rates (78)   (78) At 31 December 2023 32,871 1,108 33,979 Accumulated amortisation and impairment losses At 1 January 2022 2,288 1,108 3,396 Effect of movements in exchange rates (124)   (124) At 31 December 2022 2,164 1,108 3,272 At 1 January 2023 2,164 1,108 3,272 Effect of movements in exchange rates (15)   (15) At 31 December 2023 2,149 1,108 3,257 Carrying amounts At 1 January 2022 3,066   3,066 At 31 December 2022 30,785   30,785 At 31 December 2023 30,722   30,722 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 145 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 6.
INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (CONT D) Impairment test for goodwill Goodwill arising from business combinations have been allocated to the following cash-generating unit ( CGU ) for impairment testing: Group 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Brainy World Holdings Limited ( BWH ) and its joint ventures 2,968 3,031 Echo Healthcare Management Pte Ltd ( ECHM ) and its subsidiaries 27,754 27,754 30,722 30,785 The Group estimated the recoverable amount of the CGU based on its value-in-use.
BWH In 2018, the Group acquired 100% equity interests in BWH, a limited company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands.
BWH is an investment holding company which owns 50% equity interest in a joint venture company, China Merchants Lippo Hospital Management (Shenzhen) Limited ( CMJV ) (note 10).
The acquisition provides the Group with the opportunity to establish a strategic partnership with China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd, a member of China Merchants Group ( CMG ) for expanding its healthcare business across PRC.
The recoverable amount is determined based on value-in-use calculation using a discounted cash flow projection covering a 8-year period (2022: 9-year period), including construction period of nil year (2022: 1 year).
Management considers the 8-year operating period (2022: 8-year operating period) used in discounted cash flow is appropriate considering the investment cycle of the healthcare industry.
In determining the terminal value, management considered the following approaches: (i) exit EBITDA multiple based on the CGU s earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation ( EBITDA ) in the eighth financial year; and (ii) annuity growth formula based on the CGU s fifteenth year net cash flows forecast The estimated recoverable amount of the CGU exceeded its carrying amount by approximately $24,318,000 (2022: $23,691,000).
The key assumptions used in the estimation of the recoverable amount are set out below.
The value assigned to the key assumptions represent management s assessment of future trends and have been based on historical data derived from both external and internal sources.
146 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 6.
INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (CONT D) BWH (CONT D) 2023 2022 % % Key assumptions used for value-in-use calculations: Revenue growth rate1 1st to 3rd year: 59.2 2nd to 4th year: 59.2 4th to 8th year: 24.4 5th to 9th year: 24.4 EBITDA margin2 1st year: (24) 2nd year: (16) 2nd to 8th year: 8 to 29 3rd to 9th year: 1 to 29 Discount rate3 11.2 11.0 Enterprise value4 16.4 times 18.0 times Terminal growth rates5 2.7   1 Weighted average growth rate used to forecast cash flows 2 Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation expenses ( EBITDA ) as a percentage of the revenue 3 Pre-tax discount rate applied to the pre-tax cash flow projections, based on the historical industry average weighted-average cost of capital, with a possible debt leveraging of 0% (2022: 82%) at a market interest rate of 4.2% (2022: 4.35%) 4 Enterprise value determined based on multiples of EBITDA from the 8th year s (2022: 9th year s) cash flow projection 5 Terminal growth rate to determine terminal value from the 8th year s cash flow projection The following table shows the amount by which the assumption would need to change for the estimated recoverable amount to be equal to the carrying amount.
Change required for carrying amount to equal the recoverable amount 2023 2022 Group Revenue growth rate (6.0%) (10.1%) EBITDA margin (6.8%) (6.6%) Discount rate 4.7% 3.7% Enterprise value (5.3) times (5.4) times Terminal growth rate (2.3%)   ANNUAL REPORT 2023 147 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 6.
INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (CONT D) ECHM On 30 June 2022, the Group, via its 60% owned subsidiary, Echo Healthcare Management Pte.
Ltd. ( ECHM ), acquired 60% interest in O2 Healthcare Group Ltd. (formerly known as Echo Healthcare Services Pte.
Ltd. ( O2HG ).
Upon completion of the transaction, O2HG owns 60% of equity interest in 2 respiratory specialist practices and a thoracic and cardiovascular surgical practice (note 31(b)) ( O2 Group Acquisition ).
Goodwill of $27,754,000 arising from the O2 Group Acquisition was determined on a Purchase Price Allocation ( PPA ) exercise.
The recoverable amount is determined based on value-in-use calculation using a discounted cash flow projection based on financial budgets and forecasts approved by the management.
The cash flow projections of 5 years are based on management s assessment of future trends and actual operating results.
The estimated recoverable amount of the CGU exceeded its carrying amount by approximately $22,434,000 (2022:$12,649,000).
The key assumptions used in the estimation of the recoverable amount are set out below.
The value assigned to the key assumptions represent management s assessment of future trends and have been based on historical data derived from both external and internal sources.
2023 2022 % % Key assumptions used for value-in-use calculations: Revenue growth rate 1st year: 2.0 1st year: 30.0 1 2nd to 5th year: 4.0 2nd to 5th year: 5.2 EBITDA margin2 24.0 24.0 Discount rate3 11.3 11.0 Terminal value growth rate4 1.8 2.2 1 Forecasted revenue annual growth for 2023 is higher due to a lower starting base revenue, which took into account the actual revenue for 2022 and the revenue from new doctors who joined in late 2022 and early 2023.
2 Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation expenses ( EBITDA ) as a percentage of the revenue.
3 Pre-tax discount rate applied to the pre-tax cash flow projections, based on the historical industry average weighted-average cost of capital, with a possible debt leveraging of 7% at a market interest rate of 4.7% (2022: 4.8%) 4 Terminal growth rate to determine terminal value from the 5th year s cash flow projection.
No sensitivity analysis is disclosed for the value-in-use calculations as the Group believes that any reasonable change in the key assumptions is unlikely to result in any material impairment to the CGU.
148 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 7.
INVESTMENT PROPERTIES Group 2023 2022 Note $ 000 $ 000 At 1 January 1,145,343 290,556 Capital expenditures 4,923 4,278 Acquisition of investment properties(a)   31,061 Acquisition of a subsidiary 31(a)   955,235 Net fair value gains/(losses) recognised in profit or loss 26 10,834 (8,692) Adjustment on rental straight-lining 15,189 16,358 Disposal of a subsidiary 32 (b)   (40,438) Effect of movements in exchange rates (36,821) (103,015) At 31 December 1,139,468 1,145,343 (a) In 2022, the Group has acquired two Japan nursing homes, Medical Rehabilitation Home Bon Sejour Komaki and Loyal Residence Ayase, for a total consideration of JPY 2,580,000,000 (approximately $27,606,000), with a total acquisition cost capitalised amounting to $3,455,000.
Rental income recognised by the Group during 2023 was $108,568,000 (2022: $98,065,000) and was included in  revenue  (note 25).
Property operating expense during 2023 was $3,234,000 (2022: $2,513,000) and was included in  cost of sales .
As at 31 December 2023, investment properties of the Group with carrying amounts of $832,726,000 (2022: $811,667,000) were pledged as security for related borrowings (notes 20 (f) and (g)).
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 149 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 7.
INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONT D) As at 31 December 2023, the details of investment properties held by the Group are set out below: Investment Property Tenure Principal activity Location Japan Hikari Heights Varus Fujino Freehold Skilled nursing facility Hokkaido, Japan Hikari Heights Varus Ishiyama Freehold Skilled nursing facility Hokkaido, Japan Hikari Heights Varus Kotoni Freehold Skilled nursing facility Hokkaido, Japan Hikari Heights Varus Makomanai-Koen Freehold Skilled nursing facility Hokkaido, Japan Hikari Heights Varus Tsukisamu-Koen Freehold Skilled nursing facility Hokkaido, Japan Varus Cuore Yamanote Freehold Skilled nursing facility Hokkaido, Japan Varus Cuore Sapporo-Kita & Varus Cuore Sapporo-Kita Annex Freehold Skilled nursing facility Hokkaido, Japan Elysion Gakuenmae Freehold Skilled nursing facility Nara, Japan Elysion Mamigaoka & Elysion Mamigaoka Annex Freehold Skilled nursing facility Nara, Japan Orchard Amanohashidate Freehold Skilled nursing facility Kyoto, Japan Orchard Kaichi North Freehold Skilled nursing facility Nagano, Japan Orchard Kaichi West Freehold Skilled nursing facility Nagano, Japan Medical Rehabilitation Home Bon Sejour Komaki Freehold Skilled nursing facility Aichi, Japan Loyal Residence Ayase Freehold Skilled nursing facility Kanagawa, Japan Singapore Pacific Healthcare Nursing Home Leasehold Skilled nursing facility Bukit Merah, Singapore Pacific Healthcare Nursing Home II Leasehold Skilled nursing facility Bukit Panjang, Singapore The Lentor Residence Leasehold Skilled nursing facility Lentor Avenue, Singapore Indonesia Siloam Hospitals Lippo Village Leasehold Hospital Banten, Indonesia Siloam Hospitals Kebon Jeruk Leasehold Hospital West Jakarta, Indonesia Imperial Aryaduta Hotel & Country Club Leasehold Hotel & Country Club Banten, Indonesia Mochtar Riady Comprehensive Cancer Centre Leasehold Hospital Central Jakarta, Indonesia Siloam Hospitals Lippo Cikarang Leasehold Hospital Bekasi, Indonesia Siloam Hospitals Manado Leasehold Hospital North Sulawesi, Indonesia Hotel Aryaduta Manado Leasehold Hotel North Sulawesi, Indonesia Siloam Hospitals Makassar Leasehold Hospital South Sulawesi, Indonesia Siloam Hospitals Bali Leasehold Hospital Bali, Indonesia Siloam Hospitals TB Simatupang Leasehold Hospital South Jakarta, Indonesia Siloam Hospitals Purwakarta Leasehold Hospital West Java, Indonesia Siloam Sriwijaya Leasehold Hospital South Sumatra, Indonesia Siloam Hospitals Kupang Leasehold Hospital East Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia Lippo Plaza Kupang Leasehold Mall East Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia Siloam Hospitals Labuan Bajo Leasehold Hospital East Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia Siloam Hospitals Baubau(1) Leasehold Hospital Sulawesi Tenggara, Indonesia Lippo Plaza Baubau(1) Leasehold Mall Sulawesi Tenggara, Indonesia Siloam Hospitals Yogyakarta Leasehold Hospital Yogyakarta, Indonesia (1) Formerly known as Siloam Hospitals Buton & Lippo Plaza Buton 150 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 7.
INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONT D) Measurement of fair value Fair value hierarchy The fair value of investment properties were determined by external valuers, having appropriate recognised professional qualifications and recent experience in the location and category of property being valued.
External valuers appraise the fair value of the Group s investment property portfolio every year.
The fair values are based on open market values, being the estimated amount for which a property could be exchanged on the date of the valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an arm s length transaction wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably and without compulsion.
In determining the fair value as at the reporting date, the external valuers have adopted a combination of valuation methods, including discounted cash flow and direct comparison method (2022: discounted cash flow, income capitalisation and direct comparison method).
The valuation methods involve certain estimates including those relating to discount rate, terminal capitalisation rate, and price per square metre (2022: discount rate, terminal capitalisation rate, capitalisation rate, and price per square metre).
The specific risks inherent in each of the properties are taken into consideration in arriving at the valuations.
The fair value measurement of all of the investment properties has been categorised as a Level 3 fair value based on the inputs to the valuation techniques used.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 151 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 7.
INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONT D) Measurement of fair value (cont d) Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurements The following table shows the valuation techniques used in measuring the fair value of investment properties, as well as the significant unobservable inputs used.
Inter-relationship between key unobservable inputs and fair value Valuation techniques Significant unobservable inputs measurement Singapore Indonesia Japan Discounted cash flow method: Discount rate: Discount rate: Discount rate: The higher the The discounted cash flow method 8.8% Restructured 4.0% to 4.7% discount rate, involves the estimation and projection (2022: 8.8%) properties2: (2022: 4.0% to the lower the of an income stream over a period and 12.3% to 13.8% 5.0%) fair value.
discounting the income stream with an (2022: 12.3% to internal rate of return consistent with 13.5%) current market requirements to arrive at the market value.
Non-restructured properties3: 9.0% to 9.3% (2022: 9.8% to 10.5%) Terminal Terminal Terminal The higher capitalisation capitalisation capitalisation the terminal rate1: rate4: rate: capitalisation Not applicable Restructured 4.3% to 5.0% rate, the lower (2022: Not properties2: (2022: 4.3% to the fair value.
applicable) 8.5% to 10.6% 5.3%) (2022: 8.6% to 10.4%) Non-restructured properties3: 9.2% (2022:9.7% to 10.1%) Income capitalisation method: Capitalisation Not applicable Not applicable The higher the The income capitalisation method rates: (2022: Not (2022: Not capitalisation capitalises an income stream into Not applicable applicable) applicable) rate, the lower a present value using single-year (2022: 6.8% to the fair value.
capitalisation rates.
7.0%) Direct comparison method: Not applicable Price per square Not applicable The estimated The direct comparison method involves (2022: Not metre ( psm ): (2022: Not fair value the analysis of comparable sales applicable) $525 applicable) would increase of similar properties and adjusting (2022: $506) (decrease) if price psm was the sales price to those reflective higher (lower).
of the investment properties under development.
152 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 7.
INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONT D) Measurement of fair value(cont d) Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurements (cont d) 1 The direct discounting analysis is applied in 2023 and 2022 with the cashflow period projected until the end of the leasehold term of respective properties.
No terminal capitalisation rate was applied for all properties located in Singapore as the land together with buildings are expected to be returned to the government upon the expiration of the term of the leasehold land.
2 The restructured Indonesia properties comprise Siloam Hospitals Lippo Village, Siloam Hospitals Kebon Jeruk, Mochtar Riady Comprehensive Cancer Centre, Siloam Hospitals Manado (excluding Hotel Aryaduta Manado), Siloam Hospitals Makassar, Siloam Hospitals Bali, Siloam Hospitals TB Simatupang, Siloam Hospitals Purwakarta, Siloam Sriwijaya, Siloam Hospitals Kupang (excluding Lippo Plaza Kupang), Siloam Hospitals Labuan Bajo, Siloam Hospitals Baubau (formerly known as Siloam Hospitals Buton) (excluding Lippo Plaza Baubau, formerly known as Lippo Plaza Buton) and Siloam Hospitals Yogyakarta.
3 The non-restructured Indonesia properties comprise Imperial Aryaduta Hotel & Country Club, Siloam Hospitals Lippo Cikarang, Hotel Aryaduta Manado (excluding Siloam Hospitals Manado), Lippo Plaza Kupang (excluding Siloam Hospitals Kupang) and Lippo Plaza Baubau (formerly known as Lippo Plaza Buton)(excluding Siloam Hospitals Baubau, formerly known as Siloam Hospital Buton).
4 No terminal capitalisation rate was used for the valuation of Siloam Sriwijaya, Siloam Hospitals Kupang & Lippo Plaza Kupang and Siloam Hospitals Baubau & Lippo Plaza Baubau (formerly known as Siloam Hospital Buton & Lippo Plaza Buton) whose respective agreements with the provincial governments only allow for a fixed lease period each.
Therefore, direct discounting analysis is applied.
8.
INVESTMENT PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT Group 2023 2022 Note $ 000 $ 000 At 1 January 52,283 57,691 Fair value losses recognised in profit or loss 26 (948) (1,429) Effect of movements in exchange rates (2,842) (3,979) At 31 December 48,493 52,283 The details of investment properties under development held by the Group are set out below: Unexpired term of leasehold land Description As at 31 December 2023 Land   Wuxi land, PRC 32 years Land   Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 84 years An investment property under development with carrying amount of $36,634,000 (2022: $38,976,000) is mortgaged to secure bank borrowings (note 20(e)(ii)).
Changes in fair values are recognised as gains or losses in profit or loss and included within  other income/(expenses), net  in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
All gains or losses are unrealised.
Classification of investment properties under development The classification of the land as owner-occupied property or investment property is a matter of judgement, involving consideration of the purpose and usage of the land, and future development plans.
Portion of land to be redeveloped for future rental or capital appreciations are held as investment properties under development while portion of land to be redeveloped for own use are held as property, plant and equipment.
The relevant portion of the land continue to be classified as investment properties under development based on management s assessment of the above factors.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 153 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 8.
INVESTMENT PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT (CONT D) Fair value hierarchy The fair value of investment properties under development were determined annually by external independent valuers having appropriate recognised professional qualifications and recent experience in the location and category of property being valued.
The fair value measurement of all of the investment properties under development of $48,493,000 (2022: $52,283,000) has been categorised as a Level 3 fair value based on the inputs to the valuation technique used.
For the land in Kuala Lumpur, the fair value was determined by an independent valuer using the comparison method, taking into consideration the economic conditions, market expectations and property market outlook in Malaysia.
Management assessed that there was no change to the fair value as at 31 December 2023.
For the land in Wuxi, the PRC, the fair value was determined by an independent valuer using the discounted cash flow method, and assumptions made by management in relation to the plot ratio, hospital license, gross development value, entrepreneur profit and risk.
As at 31 December 2023, management assessment that there were fair value losses of $948,000 for the valuation of the land.
154 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 8.
INVESTMENT PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT (CONT D) Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurements The following table shows the valuation techniques used in measuring the fair value of investment properties under development as well as the significant unobservable inputs used: Inter-relationship between key Valuation techniques Key inputs inputs and fair value measurement Malaysia PRC Comparison method: Price per square Not applicable The estimated fair value would metre ( psm ): increase (decrease) if price psm The comparison method involves $7,755 was higher (lower).
the analysis of comparable sales (2022: $8,251) of similar properties and adjusting the sales price to those reflective of the investment properties under development.
Discounted cash flow method: Not applicable Discount rate: The estimated fair value would The discounted cash flow method 15.0% increase (decrease) if: involves the estimation of (2022: 15.0%) l Discount rate was lower (higher); construction costs and other relevant l Termination capitalisation rate costs to complete the proposed Terminal was lower (higher); development as of valuation date capitalisation rate: assuming satisfactory completion 13.0% l Projected income stream was higher (lower); and projection of an income stream (2022: 13.0%) over a period after completion.
l Estimated total construction cost Development costs and the income Plot ratio: 2.0 was lower (higher).
stream were discounted with an (2022: 2.0) internal rate of return to arrive at the market value.
Net operating profit margin: 23.0% to 28.0% (2022: 20.0% to 32.0%) Construction costs psm: $1,472 (2022: $1,501) ANNUAL REPORT 2023 155 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 8.
INVESTMENT PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT (CONT D) The valuation of the PRC property included critical assumptions made by management as follows: (1) Development plan The valuation of the Wuxi land is dependent on management s proposed development plan, which took into consideration the current market conditions and demand for healthcare services.
As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, management s intention is to build specialist centre and hospital based on the existing approved plot ratio of 2, which require class 2 hospital license.
Any changes to the current proposed development plan will significantly affect the valuation of the Wuxi land.
(2) Construction costs In arriving at the average construction cost for Wuxi land for 2023 and 2022, management has relied on construction cost furnished by Savills Real Estate Valuation (Guangzhou) Ltd ( Savills Guangzhou ), an independent global property consultant.
2023 2022 RMB $ RMB $ Wuxi land Estimated construction cost per square metre 7,900 1,472 7,800 1,501 Any changes to the proposed development plan will result in a change in construction costs, and consequently, a change in the valuation of Wuxi land.
156 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 9.
SUBSIDIARIES Company 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Equity investments at cost 14,808 98,423 Less: Allowance for impairment loss (14,808) (14,808) Less: Divestment of Japan subsidiaries   (83,615) * * Loan to a subsidiary 14,883 14,883 Corporate guarantees issued for subsidiaries  borrowings 3,843 4,320 Less: Allowance for doubtful receivables (18,726) (18,726) Less: Divestment of Japan subsidiaries   (477)     Total subsidiaries * * * Less than $1,000 Loan to a subsidiary is unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed term of repayment.
The settlement of the loan is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future and hence the loan is classified as non-current.
Allowance for impairment loss on investments in subsidiaries The Company assessed the carrying amount of its investments in subsidiaries for indicators of impairment.
This assessment takes into account the assumptions about future business outlook, operational and financial cash flows of the investee companies.
The recoverable amount is determined based on the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value-in-use calculations by management, on cash generating unit ( CGU ) basis.
The recoverable amounts of the subsidiaries were based on the fair value less cost to sell estimated taking into consideration the fair value of the underlying assets of the companies and the liabilities to be settled.
The fair value measurement was categorised as a Level 3 fair value based on the inputs in the valuation technique used.
As at 31 December 2023, there were no indications of impairment or reversal of previously recognised impairment loss for its subsidiaries.
Movement in allowance for impairment losses were as follows: Company 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 At 1 January 14,808 33,322 Utilisation of impairment losses   (18,514) At 31 December 14,808 14,808 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 157 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 9.
SUBSIDIARIES (CONT D) The Group s significant subsidiaries are as follows: Effective equity held by the Group Country of 2023 2022 Name of subsidiaries Principal activities incorporation % % Held by the Company OUELH Japan Medical Facilities Pte.
Ltd. (a) * Investment holding Singapore ** ** OUELH Japan Medical Assets Pte.
Ltd.(a) Investment holding Singapore ** ** Held by subsidiaries OLH Healthcare Investments Pte.
Ltd. (a) Investment holding Singapore 100 100 OUELH Seasons Residences Sdn.
Bhd.
(b) Property investment Malaysia 100 100 OUELH Japan First TMK (c) Property investment Japan ** ** Healthkind Medical Holding Co., Ltd. (d) Property investment PRC 100 100 First Real Estate Investment Trust ( First REIT ) (a) (f) (h) Property investment Singapore 32.6 32.9 Echo Healthcare Management Pte.
Ltd. ( ECHM ) (a) Investment holding Singapore 60.0 60.0 Held by First REIT OUELH Japan Medical Facilities Pte.
Ltd. (a) * Investment holding Singapore 32.6 32.9 OUELH Japan Medical Assets Pte.
Ltd.(a) Investment holding Singapore 32.6 32.9 OUELH Japan First TMK (c) Property investment Japan 51.0* 51.0* Held by ECHM O2 Healthcare Group Pte.
Ltd. Investment holding Singapore 36.0 36.0 (formerly known as Echo Healthcare Services Pte.
Ltd.) ( O2HG ) (a)(g) Held by O2HG Breathing Heart Pte.
Ltd. ( BH ) (e)(g) Specialised medical Singapore 21.6 21.6 services RMA Global Pte.
Ltd. ( RMA ) (e)(g) Investment holding Singapore 21.6 21.6 The Respiratory Practice (Farrer) Pte.
Ltd. ( TRPF ) (e)(g) Clinic and other Singapore 21.6 21.6 general medical services 158 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 99..
SUBSIDIARIES (CONT D) (a) audited by KPMG LLP, Singapore (b) audited by Roger Yue, Tan & Associates, Malaysia (c) audited by KPMG AZSA LLC, Tokyo (d) not required to be audited under the laws of the country of incorporation (e) audited by Foo Kon Tan LLP, Singapore (f) On completion of the acquisition of First REIT on 1 March 2022 (note 31(a)), the Group directly holds 33.1% equity interest in First REIT.
In accordance with SFRS(I) 3 Consolidated Financial Statements, management has performed control assessment in respect of its interest in First REIT.
Based on the assessment, management has determined that the Group has control over First REIT from 1 March 2022, on the basis that the Group has de-facto power over First REIT.
The Group s effective interests in First REIT, including the First REIT units held by the Group s joint venture, First REIT Management Limited ( FRML ), increased from 19.4% on 31 December 2021 to 36.4% on 1 March 2022.
The Group s overall exposure to variable returns, both from FRML s remuneration and the interests in First REIT, is significant.
(g) The acquisition of subsidiaries held by O2HG (i.e. RMA, TRPF and RMA) was completed on 30 June 2022 (note 31(b)).
(h) A number of First REIT s share units are secured against bank borrowings (note 20(e)(iv) and (j)).
* OUELH Japan Medical Facilities Pte.
Ltd. owns directly and indirectly 100% of the preferred shares in OUELH Japan First TMK.
OUELH Japan Medical Facilities Pte.
Ltd. and OUELH Japan One ISH as common shareholders of OUELH Japan First TMK have waived their rights to receive the economic benefits of OUELH Japan First TMK.
Under Japanese laws, as the common shareholders have waived their rights to receive economic benefits of OUELH Japan First TMK, OUELH Japan Medical Facilities Pte.
Ltd. is entitled to the full economic benefits of OUELH Japan First TMK via its direct and indirect ownership of 100% of the preferred shares in OUELH Japan First TMK, notwithstanding that OUELH Japan Medical Facilities Pte.
Ltd. does not have full beneficial ownership of OUELH Japan First TMK.
** In 2022, the Company s 100% direct shareholding in OUELH Japan Medical Facilities Pte.
Ltd. and OUELH Japan Medical Assets Pte.
Ltd. was transferred to its subsidiary, First REIT, on completion of the acquisition of First REIT (note 31(a)).
KPMG LLP are the auditors of all significant Singapore-incorporated subsidiaries except RMA, TRPF and BH which are audited by Foo Kon Tan LLP.
For this purpose, a subsidiary is considered significant as defined under the Singapore Exchange Limited Listing Manual if its net tangible assets represent 20% or more of the Group s consolidated net tangible assets, or if its pre-tax profits account for 20% or more of the Group s consolidated pre-tax profits.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 159 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 10.
ASSOCIATE AND JOINT VENTURES Group Company 2023 2022 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Interest in an associate 57,072       Interests in joint ventures 82,948 79,685 40,553 40,553 Less: Allowance for impairment loss (9,135) (9,135) (16,946) (16,946) 130,885 70,550 23,607 23,607 An associated company or joint venture is considered significant as defined under the Singapore Exchange Limited Listing Manual if the Group s share of its net tangible assets represents 20% or more of the Group s consolidated net tangible assets, or if the Group s share of its pre-tax profits accounts for 20% or more of the Group s consolidated pre-tax profits.
The Group s associate and a joint venture met the definition of significant associate and joint venture.
Associate The Group has one (2022: one) associate that was equity accounted, as follows: Healthway Medical Corporation Limited ( HMC )* Nature of relationship with the Group Medical services which included family medicine clinic, dentistry, healthcare benefit management and investment in strategic medical related business and specialist healthcare in Singapore.
Principal place of business/ Singapore Country of incorporation Ownership interest Acquired on 26 October 2023.
Effective interest as at 31 December 2023 is 26.2% Fair value of ownership interest Not applicable * Ernst & Young LLP is the auditor of the Singapore-incorporated associate.
On 26 October 2023, the Group completed the share acquisition of 26.2% interest in Healthway Medical Corporation Limited, for a total consideration of $57,120,000.
160 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 10.
ASSOCIATE AND JOINT VENTURES (CONT D) The following summarises the financial information of HMC and First REIT Group based on its (consolidated) financial statements prepared in accordance with SFRS(I), modified for fair value adjustments on acquisition and differences in the Group s accounting policies.
HMC First REIT 26 October to 1 January to 31 December 28 February 2023 2022* $ 000 $ 000 Revenue 29,503 15,882 Profit from continuing operations 22 3,534 OCI   (7,767) Total comprehensive income 22 (4,233) Attributable to investee s shareholders / Unitholders of Trust 203 (4,716) Attributable to NCI / Perpetual securities holders (181) 483 Non-current assets 245,013 955,261 Current assets 54,920 91,580 Non-current liabilities (34,586) (20,427) Current liabilities (44,073) (390,038) Net assets 221,274 636,376 Attributable to investee s shareholders / Unitholders of Trust 217,500 576,725 Attributable to NCI / Perpetual securities holders 3,774 59,651 Group s share of net assets attributable to First REIT Unitholders of Trust (2022:15.3%)   88,411 Goodwill and transaction costs   8,100 Carrying amount of interest in investee at end of the period   96,511 Group s interest in net assets of investee at beginning of the year   98,391 Group s share of: - profit from continuing operations (48) 544 - OCI   (794) - total comprehensive income (48) (250) Dividends received during the year   (1,630) Group s contribution during the year 57,120   Carrying amount of interest in investee at end of the period 57,072 96,511 * On 1 March 2022, the Group s equity interest in First REIT increased from 15.3% to 33.1% and the associate became a subsidiary from that date (note 31(a)).
Accordingly, the information presented in the above table includes the results of the associate for the two months period from 1 January 2022 to 28 February 2022.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 161 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 10.
ASSOCIATE AND JOINT VENTURES (CONT D) HMC The Group has engaged an external expert to perform a purchase price allocation ( PPA ) exercise for the acquisition.
The Group s share of the net assets of HMC was based on the fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of HMC as at 26 October 2023.
The following table summarises the consideration transferred and the proportionate share of the fair value of net assets of HMC as at the date of acquisition: HMC 2023 $ 000 Total consideration transferred 57,120 Less: Proportionate share of fair value of net assets (17,720) Provisional goodwill 39,400 Included in the carrying amount of associate and joint ventures in the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023 is a provisional goodwill arising from acquisition of equity interest in HMC of $39,400,000.
Joint ventures Details of the joint ventures as at 31 December are as follows: Effective ownership interest Country of 2023 2022 Name of joint ventures incorporation % % First REIT Management Limited ( FRML ) Singapore 40 40 Yoma OUE Pun Hlaing Limited ( YOPH ) # Myanmar 40 40 Pun Hlaing International Hospital Limited ( PHIH ) # Myanmar 35 35 China Merchants Lippo Hospital Management (Shenzhen) Limited ( CMJV ) PRC 50 50 Riviera Quad International Limited ( Riviera Quad ) PRC 50 50 Subsidiaries held by CMJV Changshu China Merchants Lippo O&G Hospital Limited PRC 50 50 Shenzhen China Merchants Lippo Prince Bay Hospital PRC 50 50 Changshu Aibaoyuan Maternal and Child Health Management Co., Ltd. PRC 50   Subsidiary held by Riviera Quad Le Kang Assets (Shenzhen) Co
Ltd. PRC 50 50 # The Group owns 40% economic interests in YOPH and PHIH (collectively known as the  Myanmar Group ), in which 5% economic interests in PHIH is held via Deed of Assignment.
The Myanmar Group is held by an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, OUELH Investments (MM) Pte.
Ltd., of the Company.
The Company has provided corporate guarantees totaling RMB222,500,000 (approximately $41,229,000) (2022: RMB222,500,000 (approximately $42,965,000)) representing 50% of the loan facilities taken up by its joint ventures in PRC.
162 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 10.
ASSOCIATE AND JOINT VENTURES (CONT D) The following table summarises the financial information of joint ventures of the Group based on their financial statements prepared in accordance with SFRS(I), modified for fair value adjustments on acquisition and differences in the Group s accounting policies.
FRML Myanmar Group CMJV Group Riviera Quad Group 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Revenue 14,527 14,543 46,747 38,237 2,275 2,149 18   Profit/(Loss) from continuing operations 7,696 9,259 3,685 705 (5,342) (2,173) (78) (69) OCI 968 (7,807)             Total comprehensive income 8,664 1,452 3,685 705 (5,342) (2,173) (78) (69) Attributable to NCI     308 137         Attributable to investees  shareholders 8,664 1,452 3,377 568 (5,342) (2,173) (78) (69) Non-current assets 85,723 79,456 46,965 44,555 17,519 12,572 98,792 86,013 Current assets 10,374 10,307 18,569 14,630 11,227 8,759 3,662 2,900 Non-current liabilities (447) 58 (1,024) (8,156) (15,800) (9,736) (32,418) (19,202) Current liabilities (8,737) (11,538) (32,585) (23,618) (5,608) (4,219) (23,272) (20,372) Net assets 86,913 78,283 31,925 27,411 7,338 7,376 46,764 49,339 Attributable to NCI     1,933 1,542         Attributable to investees  shareholders 86,913 78,283 29,992 25,869 7,338 7,376 46,764 49,339 Group s interest in net assets of investee at beginning of the year 31,313 31,932 10,760 18,330 4,077 (57) 24,400 27,115 Group s share of - profit/(loss) from continuing operations 3,078 3,704 1,351 383 (2,650) (1,072) (39) (32) - OCI 388 (3,123)             - total comprehensive income 3,466 581 1,351 383 (2,650) (1,072) (39) (32) Dividends received during the year   (1,200)             Impairment loss       (5,000)         Group s contribution during the year         2,904 4,901     Translation adjustments (14)   (114) (2,953) (662) 305 (979) (2,683) Carrying amount of interest in investee at end of the year 34,765 31,313 11,997 10,760 3,669 4,077 23,382 24,400 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 163 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 10.
ASSOCIATE AND JOINT VENTURES (CONT D) Recoverable amount of interests in associate and joint ventures At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the investments are impaired.
This assessment takes into account the assumptions about future business outlook, operational and financial cash flows of the investee companies.
The Group determined the recoverable amount of its cash generating units based on the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value-in-use.
Based on the Group s assessment, there are indications of possible impairment for its joint ventures, CMJV Group, Riviera Quad Group and the Myanmar Group at the reporting date.
CMJV and Riviera Quad are joint ventures with members of China Merchants Group.
For the purpose of impairment testing, these joint ventures and its subsidiaries are identified as one CGU together with the BWH goodwill (note 6).
As at 31 December 2023, the value-in-use calculation use discounted cash flow projections based on financial projections prepared by management covering a 5-year period (2022: 5-year) for the Myanmar Group and 8-year period for CMJV and Riviera Quad Group.
The key assumptions used in the estimation of the recoverable amount are set out below, except for CMJV and Riviera Quad Group (note 6).
The value assigned to the key assumptions represent management s assessment of future trends and have been based on historical data derived from both external and internal sources.
Myanmar Group 2023 2022 % % Key assumptions used for value-in-use calculations: Revenue growth rate1 12.6 17.0 EBITDA margin2 22.0 19.0 Discount rate3 33.7 31.1 Terminal growth rate4 6.5 6.5 1 Weighted average growth rate used to forecast revenue.
2 Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation expenses ( EBITDA ) as a percentage of the revenue 3 Pre-tax discount rate was applied to the pre-tax cash flow projections of Myanmar Group, based on the historical industry average weighted-average cost of capital, with a possible debt leveraging of 20.0% (2022: 20.0%) at a market interest rate of 14.7% (2022: 14.7%) for Myanmar Group.
4 Terminal growth rate to determine terminal value from the 5th year s cash flow projection.
164 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 10.
ASSOCIATE AND JOINT VENTURES (CONT D) Allowance for impairment loss on interests in associate and joint ventures There was no impairment loss for Myanmar Group as at 31 December 2023.
As actual results tracked expectations, management is of view that there will be no change to the impairment charge made in the prior years.
As at 31 December 2022, based on the assessment of recoverable amounts of the associate and joint ventures described above, an impairment loss of $5,000,000 on the Myanmar Group was recognised in profit or loss, in  share of results of equity-accounted investees, net of tax .
Following the impairment loss recognised in the Myanmar Group, the recoverable amounts approximate the carrying amounts, and any adverse movement in a key assumption may lead to further impairment loss.
Movement in allowance for impairment loss was as follows: Group Company Note 2023 2022 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 At 1 January 9,135 16,389 16,946 16,946 Impairment loss   5,000     Disposal of an associate 31(a)   (12,254)     At 31 December 9,135 9,135 16,946 16,946 Following the impairment loss recognised on the Myanmar Group in prior years, the recoverable amount is approximately equal to the carrying amount.
Therefore, any adverse movement in a key assumption would lead to a further impairment on Myanmar Group.
11.
OTHER INVESTMENT Group 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Non-current investments Equity investments   at FVOCI 2,648 2,817 Equity investment designated as at FVOCI The Group designated the investments shown below as equity investments as at FVOCI because theses equity investment represent investment that the Group intends to hold for the long-term for strategic purposes.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 165 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 11.
OTHER INVESTMENT (CONT D) Fair value at Dividend income Fair value at Dividend income 31 December recognised during 31 December recognised during 2023 2023 2022 2022 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Group Investment in Centaur Health Holdings, Inc 2,648   2,817   No strategic investment was disposed of during 2023 and 2022, and there was no transfer of any cumulative gain or loss within equity relating to these investments.
Market risks, and fair value measurement Information about the Group s exposures to market risks, and fair value measurement, is included in note 34.
12.
TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES Group Company 2023 2022 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Trade receivables 15,677 10,196     Other receivables: - due from a non-controlling shareholder of certain subsidiaries 7,665 8,874 5,237 5,332 - lease receivable 157       - others 2,508 2,219 727 763 Amount due from a third party 487 674 487 674 Amounts due from subsidiaries     505,061 495,478 Advance to a joint venture partner   1,800     Loans to joint ventures 5,405 5,592     31,899 29,355 511,512 502,247 Less: Impairment losses (7,665) (7,785) (191,861) (184,395) 24,234 21,570 319,651 317,852 Deposits 564 767 78 146 24,798 22,337 319,729 317,998 Prepayments 1,259 1,371 824 169 Total trade and other receivables 26,057 23,708 320,553 318,167 Non-current 3,223 3,358 305,816 58,872 Current 22,834 20,350 14,737 259,295 26,057 23,708 320,553 318,167 166 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 12.
TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONT D) Amounts due from a non-controlling shareholder of certain subsidiaries, subsidiaries and loans to joint ventures are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.
Impairment losses recognised on amount due from a non-controlling shareholder of certain subsidiaries was $7,665,000 (2022: $7,785,000).
Amount due from a third party is unsecured, interest-bearing at 5% per annum and repayable in 2023 to 2025.
The non- current and current portion of the amount due from a third party was $408,000 and $79,000 respectively (2022: $461,000 and $213,000 respectively).
Advance to a joint venture partner is unsecured, interest-bearing at 6% (2022: 6%) per annum and the loan was fully repaid on 10 April 2023.
The non-current portion of the loans to joint ventures of $2,779,000 (2022: $2,897,000) is unsecured, interest-free and repayment is not expected within the next twelve months.
The lease receivable is unsecured, interest-bearing at 5.2% per annum and repayable in 2025.
The non-current and current portion of the lease receivable was $36,000 and $121,000 respectively.
The non-current amounts due from subsidiaries relate to balances for which settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future.
Movement in allowance for impairment losses in respect of other receivables during the year were as follows: Group Company 2023 2022 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Balance at 1 January 7,785 7,889 184,395 159,286 Reversal of impairment losses       (168) Impairment losses recognised     7,562 25,400 Effect of movements in exchange rates (120) (104) (96) (123) Balance at 31 December 7,665 7,785 191,861 184,395 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 167 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 13.
DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS Group Notional Notional amounts Fair value amounts Fair value 2023 2023 2022 2022 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Non-current Derivative assets Interest rate swaps     85,000 176 Interest rate caps     90,000 1,072     175,000 1,248 Derivative liabilities Interest rate swaps 42,500 259     Current Derivative assets Interest rate caps 90,000 411     Forward exchange contracts 17,000 149     107,000 560     Derivative liabilities Interest rate swaps 42,500 13     Forward exchange contracts 4,000 14 15,000 494 46,500 27 15,000 494 Interest rate swaps and interest rate caps The Group uses interest rate swaps and interest rate caps to manage the interest rate risk exposures arising from the bank loans with floating rates.
The fair values of the derivatives are measured based on the quote from financial institutions (Level 2).
Similar contracts are traded in an active market and the quotes reflect the actual transactions in similar instruments.
Forward exchange contracts The Group entered into forward exchange contracts to manage the foreign currency exposures arising from future IDR and JPY cash flows.
168 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 14.
INVENTORIES Group 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Pharmacy supplies 113 92 Medical and surgical supplies 742 682 855 774 The cost of inventories recognised as an expense and included in  cost of sales  amounted to $9,044,000 (2022: $5,302,000).
15.
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Group Company 2023 2022 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Cash on hand and at banks 45,798 54,736 2,863 9,648 Time deposits with financial institutions 13,820 12,141     59,618 66,877 2,863 9,648 Bank balances of $10,750,000 (2022: $18,978,000) are included as part of the floating charge to third parties for borrowings of the Group (notes 20(c), (d), (e)(ii) and (h)).
This amount is included as part of cash and cash equivalents as the utilisation of these bank balances is not restricted.
Bank balances of $12,820,000 (2022: $12,141,000) and interest reserve account of $1,421,000 (2022: $nil) are included as part of deposits with banks to meet the requirement of the borrowings of the Group and the Company (notes 20(f), (g) and (j)).
This amount is included as part of cash and cash equivalents as the utilisation of these bank balances is not restricted.
Significant restrictions Cash and bank balances of $384,000 (2022: $456,000) in the Group are held in the PRC and are subject to local exchange control regulations.
The conversion of these RMB-denominated balances into foreign currencies is subject to the foreign exchange rules and regulations promulgated by the PRC government.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 169 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 16.
SHARE CAPITAL 2023 2022 No.
of Share No.
of ordinary shares capital ordinary shares Share capital  000 $ 000  000 $ 000 Company At beginning and end of the year 4,443,129 418,913 4,443,129 418,913 Ordinary shares The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company.
All issued ordinary shares are fully paid, with no par value.
All shares rank equally with regard to the Company s residual assets.
17.
CONVERTIBLE PERPETUAL SECURITIES On 23 February 2021, the Company entered into a conversion agreement with Treasure International Holdings Pte.
Ltd. ( TIHPL ).
TIHPL is a wholly-owned subsidiary of OUE Limited ( OUE ).
OUE is a controlling shareholder of the Company.
The convertible perpetual securities do not have a maturity date and distribution is at the discretion of the Company.
The convertible perpetual securities can be converted into ordinary shares of the Company at a conversion price of $0.07 per ordinary shares, assuming no adjustments (for anti-dilution) to the conversion price are made, at the option of TIHPL on or after 31 August 2026.
As the Company does not have a contractual obligation to repay the principal nor make any distributions, the convertible perpetual securities are classified as equity.
Any distributions made are directly debited from equity.
Significant judgements and assumptions are used in management s assessment of the accounting for the extinguishment of the shareholder loan and the fair value of the convertible perpetual securities.
170 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 17.
CONVERTIBLE PERPETUAL SECURITIES (CONT D) Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurements The following table shows the valuation techniques used in measuring the fair value of the convertible perpetual securities, as well as the significant unobservable inputs and key assumptions used, at issuance date of 16 March 2021: Inter-relationship between key Key unobservable inputs unobservable inputs and fair value Valuation techniques and assumptions measurement Present value of coupon payments prior to Discount for lack of The estimated fair value would conversion and conversion value: marketability: increase (decrease) if: The valuation method involves the analysis of 30% l Discount rate was lower (higher); the Company s projected dividend and coupon l Coupon increase (decrease); payments, conversion date, and conversion Coupon and dividend*: l Dividend decrease (increase) value based on the Company s traded share Nil price on value date, adjusted to reflect contractual restrictions of the Convertible Discount rate on coupon: Perpetual Securities.
9.8% * The value assigned to the key assumptions represent management s assessment of future trends and have been based on historical data derived from both external and internal sources.
The fair value of the convertible perpetual securities is sensitive to changes to the discount for lack of marketability and projected coupon/dividend payments used in the calculations.
The following changes in assumptions would have resulted in a significant increase in the fair value of convertible perpetual securities at issue date, holding other assumptions constant: 2021 $ 000 Change in key assumptions used for convertible perpetual securities calculations: A 4% coupon payment from year 6 to year 10 (dividend: nil) 12,800 A 4% coupon payment from year 6 to year 10 (dividend: 4%) 8,700 A decrease in discount for lack of marketability by 5% 5,688 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 171 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 18.
RESERVES Capital reserve The capital reserve recorded on the change of ownership interest in Japan subsidiaries without a change in control: 2023 2022 Note $ 000 $ 000 At 1 January 4,203   Increase in equity attributable to owners of the Company 37   8,833 NCI s share of foreign currency translation reserve   (4,630) Foreign currency translation differences relating to foreign operations 82   At 31 December 4,285 4,203 Asset revaluation reserve Asset revaluation reserve represents the revaluation surplus recognised in property, plant and equipment.
Foreign currency translation reserve The foreign currency translation reserve comprises: (a) exchange differences arising from the translation of financial statements of foreign operations; (b) share of currency translation reserve of foreign equity-accounted investees; and (c) exchange differences on monetary items which form part of the Group s net investment in foreign operations, provided certain conditions are met.
Fair value reserve The fair value reserve represents the share of fair value reserve of an equity-accounted investee arising from the cumulative net change in the fair value of the quoted equity investments until the investments are derecognised or impaired.
172 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 19.
NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS The following subsidiaries have NCI that are material to the Group: Ownership interest held by the NCI Country of 2023 2022 Name of subsidiaries incorporation % % First Real Estate Investment Trust ( First REIT ) Singapore 67.4 67.1 O2 Group Echo Healthcare Management Pte.
Ltd. Singapore 40.0 40.0 O2 Healthcare Group Pte.
Ltd. (formerly known as Echo Healthcare Services Pte.
Ltd.) Singapore 64.0 64.0 Breathing Heart Pte.
Ltd. Singapore 78.4 78.4 RMA Global Pte.
Ltd. Singapore 78.4 78.4 The Respiratory Practice (Farrer) Pte.
Ltd. Singapore 78.4 78.4 The following summarised financial information of the Group s subsidiaries with material NCI, based on consolidated financial statement prepared in accordance with SFRS(1), modified for fair value adjustments on acquisition and differences in the Group s accounting policies.
First O2 Immaterial REIT Group subsidiaries Total $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 31 December 2023 Revenue 108,568 45,108 Profit after tax 63,339 8,156 Other comprehensive income (19,531)   Total comprehensive income 43,808 8,156 Attributable to NCI: - Profit/(Loss) for the year 43,155 6,640 (334) 49,461 - Other comprehensive income (13,141)   35 (13,106) - Total comprehensive income 30,014 6,640 (299) 36,355 Non-current assets 1,139,469 30,551 Current assets 47,862 22,952 Non-current liabilities (509,474) (9,480) Current liabilities (17,691) (35,830) Net assets 660,166 8,193 Net assets attributable to NCI** 456,914 5,841 (939) 461,816 Cash flows from operating activities 69,955 12,110 Cash flows used in investing activities (4,623) (71) Cash flows used in financing activities (69,260) (5,284) Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (3,928) 6,755 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 173 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 19.
NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (CONT D) First O2 Immaterial REIT* Group* subsidiaries Total $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 31 December 2022 Revenue 95,393 16,972 Profit after tax 37,907 2,542 Other comprehensive income (84,186)   Total comprehensive income (46,279) 2,542 Attributable to NCI: - Profit/(Loss) for the year 26,068 2,307 (271) 28,104 - Other comprehensive income (51,064)   58 (51,006) - Total comprehensive income (24,996) 2,307 (213) (22,902) Non-current assets 1,146,606 29,480 Current assets 52,020 12,322 Non-current liabilities (512,072) (17,985) Current liabilities (21,191) (19,913) Net assets 665,363 3,904 Net assets attributable to NCI** 456,861 3,069 (641) 459,289 Cash flows from operating activities 59,400 3,166 Cash flows from/(used in) investing activities 10,463 (18,656) Cash flows (used in)/from financing activities (81,041) 20,438 Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (11,178) 4,948 * Acquisition of First REIT and O2 Group was completed on 1 March 2022 and 30 June 2022, respectively (note 31(a) and 31(b)).
Accordingly, the information relating to First REIT and O2 Group is only for the period from 1 March 2022 to 31 December 2022 and 1 July 2022 to 31 December 2022 respectively.
** Includes perpetual securities issued by First REIT, with movements as follows: Perpetual securities issued by a subsidiary, First REIT 2023 2022 Note $ 000 $ 000 At 1 January 33,283   Acquisition of a subsidiary 31(a)   59,651 Amount reserved for distribution to perpetual securities holders 1,656 2,093 Distribution to perpetual securities holders by a subsidiary (1,656) (1,481) Face value of perpetual securities redemption and distribution on redemption, net of transaction costs   (26,980) At 31 December 33,283 33,283 174 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 19.
NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (CONT D) In 2016, First REIT issued $60 million of subordinated perpetual securities at a fixed rate of 5.68% per annum, with the first distribution rate reset on 8 July 2021 and subsequent resets occurring every five years thereafter.
The perpetual securities have no fixed redemption date and redemption is at the option of First REIT in accordance with the terms and conditions of the securities.
The distribution will be payable semi-annually at the discretion of First REIT and will be non-cumulative.
The distribution rate applicable to the perpetual securities in respect of the period from the first reset date (being 8 July 2021) to the immediately following reset date (being 8 July 2026) shall be 4.9817%, being the prevailing five-year swap offer rate of 1.0567% per annum with respect to the relevant reset date plus the initial spread of 3.925%, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the perpetual securities.
In terms of distribution payments or in the event of winding-up of First REIT: l These perpetual securities rank pari passu with holders of preferred units (if any) and rank ahead of the unitholders of First REIT but junior to the claims of all present and future creditors of the First REIT; and l First REIT shall not declare or pay any distributions to the unitholders, or make redemption, unless First REIT declares or pays any distributions to the perpetual securities holders.
These perpetual securities are classified as equity.
The Manager has taken the view that as there is no contractual obligation to repay the principal or to pay any distributions, the perpetual securities do not meet the definition for classification as a financial liability under FRS 32 Financial Instruments: Disclosure and Presentation.
The perpetual securities are presented within equity, and the distributions are treated as dividends.
An amount of $1,656,000 and $2,093,000 were reserved for distribution to perpetual securities holders for the reporting years ended 31 December 2023 and 10 months period ended 31 December 2022 respectively.
On 22 August 2022, there was a partial redemption of perpetual securities at purchase price of 70% of the principal amount of the securities, amounting to $26,750,000.
The principal amount together with the distribution to perpetual securities holders and arising from the partial redemption, totalled $26,980,000.
The gain from the partial redemption was $7,858,000, net of transaction cost of $167,000.
The total net cash outflows from the partial redemption, distribution and gain on redemption of perpetual securities, net of transaction costs was $19,122,000.
As at 31 December 2023, the $33,283,000 (2022: $33,283,000) presented in the statement of financial position represents the carrying value of the remaining perpetual securities and the total return attributable to the perpetual securities holders from the last distribution date.
Group 2022 $ 000 Gain on partial redemption of perpetual securities, net of transaction costs attributable to: Owners of the Company 2,593 Non-controlling interests 5,265 7,858 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 175 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 19.
NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (CONT D) Dividend and distribution to unitholders by a subsidiary, First REIT Group 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Distribution of 0.66 cents per unit for the period from 1 October 2022 to 31 December 2022 13,620   Distribution of 0.62 cents per unit for the period from 1 January to 31 March 2023 (0.66 cents per unit for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 March 2022) 12,820 11,682 Distribution of 0.62 cents per unit for the period from 1 April to 30 June 2023 (0.66 cents per unit for the period from 1 April 2022 to 30 June 2022) 12,848 13,558 Distribution of 0.62 cents per unit for the period from 1 July to 30 September 2023 (0.66 cents per unit for the period from 1 July 2022 to 30 September 2022) 12,848 13,581 52,136 38,821 Less: elimination intra-group dividends received by the Group (17,086) (11,569) 35,050 27,252 Manager s management fees settled in units1 (4,788) (3,193) 30,262 24,059 1 Included transaction costs on manager s divestment fees relates to disposal of PT TPI amounting to $202,000 for the year ended 31 December 2022.
On 20 February 2024, the Manager declared a distribution of 0.62 cents per unit, amounting to $12,906,000 (included intra- group transactions of $4,204,000), in respect of the period from 1 October 2023 to 31 December 2023.
Current distribution policy: Current distribution policy of First REIT is to distribute at least 90% of its taxable income, whereas the tax-exempt income and capitalised receipts with the actual level distribution to be determined at the Manager s discretion.
The capital receipts comprise amounts received by First REIT from redemption of redeemable preference shares and shareholder loans repayment in the Singapore subsidiaries.
176 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 19.
NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (CONT D) Dividend paid to shareholders by subsidiaries of O2HG 2023 $ 000 Dividend 90% of profit after tax for the period from 1 July 2022 to 30 September 2022 1,530 Dividend 90% of profit after tax for the period from 1 October 2022 to 31 December 2022 1,360 Dividend 90% of profit after tax for the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 March 2023 2,044 Dividend 90% of profit after tax for the period from 1 April 2023 to 30 June 2023 2,479 Dividend 90% of profit after tax for the period from 1 July 2023 to 30 September 2023 2,257 9,670 Less: elimination intra-group dividends received by the Group (5,802) 3,868 Current distribution policy: Current distribution policy of the subsidiaries of O2HG is to distribute 90% of its profit after tax.
This distribution is based on shareholder agreement.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 177 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 20.
LOANS AND BORROWINGS Group Company 2023 2022 2023 2022 Note $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Current Loans from third parties (a)   189   189 Loan from a fellow subsidiary (b)   1,800     Secured Tokutei Mokuteki Kaisha ( TMK ) Bonds A (c), (l)   1,453     Secured TMK Bonds B and term loan C (d), (l) 920       Bank borrowings (e) 30,426 49,491 30,000 30,000 31,346 52,933 30,000 30,189 Non-current Secured TMK Bonds A (c), (l)   106,672     Secured TMK Bonds B and term loan C (d), (l) 106,929       Guaranteed bonds (f),(i) 96,778 95,571     Social term loan A (g),(i) 230,148 230,742     Social term loan B (h), (k) 15,071 16,629     Secured term loan A (j) 56,505       Secured revolving credit facility ( RCF ) B (j) 11,875   11,875   517,306 449,614 11,875   Total loans and borrowings 548,652 502,547 41,875 30,189 Total borrowings include secured liabilities of $548,652,000 (2022: $500,558,000) and $41,875,000 (2022: $30,000,000) of the Group and the Company respectively.
(a) Loans from third parties The loan from a third party is unsecured.
The loans were written back on 31 December 2023.
(b) Loan from a fellow subsidiary The loan from a fellow subsidiary, OUE Treasury Pte Ltd, is unsecured and interest-bearing at 4% per annum.
The loan was fully paid on 11 April 2023.
(c) Secured TMK Bonds A TMK is an investment vehicle incorporated under the Asset Liquidation Law of Japan to acquire real estate and obtain debt financing in real estate finance transactions in Japan.
A TMK may issue TMK bonds, which are generally issued to qualified institutional investors.
The TMK grants to holders of TMK bonds the right to receive all payments due in relation to such TMK bonds out of the assets of the TMK prior to any payments to other unsecured creditors.
This statutory right is generally referred to as a general security interest.
Unless otherwise provided in the Asset Liquidation plan, such general security is automatically created by operation of law.
The secured TMK Bonds A pertain to a 5-year bonds issued by First REIT s indirect subsidiary, OUELH Japan First TMK, for JPY10.6 billion (approximately $97.5 million) due in May 2025 to Shinsei Bank Limited.
The secured TMK Bonds A were fully repaid on 23 June 2023 by way of financing from a new secured TMK bonds of JPY2 billion and a secured term loan of JPY10 billion (note 20(d)).
178 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 20.
LOANS AND BORROWINGS (CONT D) (d) Secured TMK Bonds B and term loan C On 23 June 2023, OUELH Japan First TMK, a subsidiary of the First REIT Group, issued a 7-year bonds amounting to JPY2 billion (approximately $18.4 million) to Kiraboshi Bank Ltd and obtained a term loan of JPY10 billion (approximately $92.0 million) ( term loan C ) from Kiraboshi Bank Ltd. The outstanding balance for the secured TMK Bonds B and term loan C as at 31 December 2023 amounts to JPY2 billion and JPY9.95 billion (approximately $18.4 million and $91.5 million) respectively.
Both facilities will be due in June 2030.
(e) Bank borrowings (i) $426,000 (2022: $444,000) is secured against a charge over the building and rights of the subsidiary pertaining of the working capital of the subsidiary (note 5); (ii) $nil (2022: $4,047,000) is secured against: l a charge created over an investment property under development of the Group (note 8); l a debenture over the assets and rights of the subsidiary pertaining to a development project of the Group (note 8 and note 15); l joint and several guarantees by certain shareholders; l a corporate guarantee from the Company.
The loan was fully repaid on 29 December 2023.
(iii) $30 million (2022: $30 million) is secured by a corporate guarantee from the intermediate holding company; and (iv) $nil (2022: $15 million) is secured by a corporate guarantee from the Company and memorandum of charge over units in a subsidiary held by one of the subsidiaries of the Company.
The loan was fully repaid on 3 October 2023.
(f) Guaranteed bonds On 7 April 2022, $100 million guaranteed bonds at a coupon rate of 3.25% due in April 2027 were issued by First REIT.
The guaranteed bonds amounting to $100 million are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Credit Guarantee and Investment Facility, a trust fund of the Asian Development Bank.
The interest of the bonds is payable half-yearly in arrears.
The bonds are listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.
(g) Social term loan A On 25 November 2022, First REIT entered into a facility agreement with two of the existing lenders, Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ( OCBC ) and CIMB Bank Berhad ( CIMB ) in respect of a $300 million social term loan and revolving credit facilities agreement (the  Facilities ) to refinance the $260 million syndicated secured loan which matured on 1 March 2023.
As at 31 December 2023, First REIT drew down social term loan A amounting to $234 million (2022: $236 million) under this facility which is repayable in May 2026.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 179 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 20.
LOANS AND BORROWINGS (CONT D) (h) Social term loan B On 29 September 2022, First REIT s indirect subsidiary, First REIT Japan Two GK, secured a JPY1.66 billion (approximately $15.3 million) non-recourse social loan from Shinsei Trust Bank Limited which is due on 27 September 2026.
The proceeds from social term loan B were utilised to partially fund the acquisition of two nursing homes, Loyal Residence Ayase and Medical Rehabilitation Home Bon Sejour Komaki, located in Japan in 2022.
(i) The social term loan A and guaranteed bonds agreements provide among other matters for the following: (1) Legal mortgage over the properties in Singapore and Indonesia of the First REIT Group except for Imperial Aryaduta Hotel and Country Club and Siloam Hospitals Yogyakarta.
(2) Assignment to the banks of all of the First REIT Group s rights, titles, interests and benefits under any leases, tenancies, sales proceeds and cash flows in respect of the Indonesia properties and the Singapore properties except for Imperial Aryaduta Hotel and Country Club and Siloam Hospitals Yogyakarta.
(3) Assignment to the banks of all of the First REIT Group s rights, titles and interests under the insurance policies in respect of the Indonesia properties and the Singapore properties, with the bank named as a  loss payee  except for Imperial Aryaduta Hotel and Country Club and Siloam Hospitals Yogyakarta.
4) A debenture containing first fixed and floating charges over all assets and undertakings of the First REIT s Singapore subsidiaries and subsidiaries of First REIT s Singapore subsidiaries except for Lovage International Pte.
Ltd., IAHCC Investment Pte.
Ltd., Surabaya Hospitals Investment Pte.
Ltd., Kalmore Investments Pte.
Ltd., Icon1 Holdings Pte.
Ltd., OUELH Japan Medical Facilities Pte.
Ltd., OUELH Japan Medical Assets Pte.
Ltd., First REIT Japan Holdings One Pte.
Ltd., and First REIT Japan Holdings Two Pte.
Ltd. (2022: Lovage International Pte.
Ltd., IAHCC Investment Pte.
Ltd., Surabaya Hospitals Investment Pte.
Ltd., Kalmore Investments Pte.
Ltd., Icon1 Holdings Pte.
Ltd., OUELH Japan Medical Facilities Pte.
Ltd., and OUELH Japan Medical Assets Pte.
Ltd.).
5) Charge of all of the First REIT s shares in the Singapore subsidiaries and subsidiaries of First REIT s Singapore subsidiaries except for Lovage International Pte.
Ltd., IAHCC Investment Pte.
Ltd., Surabaya Hospitals Investment Pte.
Ltd., Kalmore Investments Pte.
Ltd., Icon1 Holdings Pte.
Ltd., OUELH Japan Medical Facilities Pte.
Ltd., OUELH Japan Medical Assets Pte.
Ltd., First REIT Japan Holdings One Pte.
Ltd., and First REIT Japan Holdings Two Pte.
Ltd. (2022: Lovage International Pte.
Ltd., IAHCC Investment Pte.
Ltd., Surabaya Hospitals Investment Pte.
Ltd., Kalmore Investments Pte.
Ltd., Icon1 Holdings Pte.
Ltd., OUELH Japan Medical Facilities Pte.
Ltd., and OUELH Japan Medical Assets Pte.
Ltd.).
(6) Charge of all of the First REIT s Singapore subsidiaries  shares in the Indonesia subsidiaries except for the Joint-operation company, PT Yogya Central Terpadu.
(7) A debenture by the First REIT Group covering first fixed and floating charges over all assets and undertakings in respect of the Singapore properties.
(8) OUE Limited s interest held in the First REIT directly and indirectly is at least at 20%.
(9) The Company s interest held in the First REIT directly and indirectly is at least at 20%.
(10) OUE Limited s interest held in First REIT Management Limited directly and indirectly is at least at 51%.
(11) Compliance with all financial covenants.
180 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 20.
LOANS AND BORROWINGS (CONT D) (j) Secured term loan A and secured RCF B On 30 June 2023, the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, OUEH Investments Pte.
Ltd. ( OIPL ) entered into an $85 million facility agreement with three lenders, CIMB, The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited ( HSBC ) and OCBC (the  Loan Facility ).
The Loan Facility consisted of a secured term loan A of $70 million and secured RCF B of $15 million.
As at 31 December 2023, amounts of $57.1 million and $12 million have been drawn down from the secured term loan A and secured RCF B respectively.
Total unutilised loan facilities amount to $3 million.
The Loan Facility is secured by a corporate guarantee from the intermediate holding company, charge over units in a subsidiary held by one of the subsidiaries of the Company and the shares in an associate company.
(k) The secured social term loan B agreement provides amongst other matters for the followings: 1) Negative pledge against the total assets of the First REIT s indirect subsidiary, First REIT Japan Two GK, which mainly comprises investment properties in Japan and cash and cash equivalents.
2) A corporate guarantee from First REIT.
(l) The secured TMK bonds A, secured TMK bonds B and Term loan C agreement provides amongst others matters for the following: 1) Negative pledge against the total assets of the First REIT s indirect subsidiary, OUELH Japan First TMK, which mainly comprises investment properties in Japan and cash and cash equivalents.
2) A corporate guarantee from the First REIT.
(m) Intra-group financial guarantees Intra-group financial guarantees comprise corporate guarantees given by the Company: (i) RMB222.5 million (approximately $41.2 million) (2022: RMB222.5 million (approximately $42.9 million)) in respect of the Group s 50% share of the bank loan facilities taken up by its joint ventures in the PRC; and (ii) $nil (2022: $19.1 million) to its subsidiaries in Malaysia and Singapore (2022: Malaysia and Singapore).
At the reporting date, the Company has not recognised an ECL provision as the ECL amount was lower than that amortised liability for intra-group financial guarantee contracts.
The Company does not consider it probable that a claim will be made against the Company under the guarantee.
As at 31 December 2023, management has assessed that the fair value of intra-group financial guarantees is insignificant at initial recognition.
First REIT has entered into interest rate swaps and interest rate caps arrangements to manage the interest rate risk exposure arising from the bank loans with floating rates (note 13).
The carrying amount of the current and non-current borrowings except borrowing (a), (b), (d), (e)(i), (f) and (h), which are at variable interest rates, approximate their fair values at reporting date.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 181 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 20.
LOANS AND BORROWINGS (CONT D) Terms and debt repayment schedule Terms and conditions of outstanding loans and borrowings are as follows: Face Carrying Nominal Year of value amount Currency interest rate maturity $ 000 $ 000 Group 2023 Secured bank loan RMB 4.36% 2024 426 426 Secured bank loan SGD Sora + 1.75% On demand 30,000 30,000 Guaranteed bonds SGD 3.25% 2027 100,000 96,778 Social term loan A SGD 5.12% to 6.02% 2026 233,713 230,148 Social term loan B JPY 1.00% to 1.31% 2026 15,272 15,071 Secured TMK Bonds B and term loan C JPY 1.50% 2030 109,940 107,849 Secured term loan A SGD Sora + 1.50% 2025 57,118 56,505 Secured RCF B SGD Sora + 1.50% 2025 12,000 11,875 558,469 548,652 2022 Unsecured loans from third parties SGD 0% On demand 189 189 Unsecured loan from a fellow subsidiary SGD 4% On demand 1,800 1,800 Secured TMK Bonds A JPY 1% 2022-2025 108,553 108,125 Secured bank loan MYR Cost of funds + 2% 2022-2023 4,047 4,047 Secured bank loan RMB 4.8% 2023 444 444 Secured bank loan SGD Sora + 1.75% On demand 30,000 30,000 Secured bank loan SGD Sora + 5.5% 2023 15,000 15,000 Guaranteed bonds SGD 3.25% 2027 100,000 95,571 Social term loan A SGD 5.12% - 5.56% 2026 235,713 230,742 Social term loan B JPY 1% 2026 16,932 16,629 512,678 502,547 Company 2023 Secured bank loan SGD Sora + 1.75% On demand 30,000 30,000 Secured RCF B SGD Sora + 1.50% 2025 12,000 11,875 42,000 41,875 2022 Unsecured loans from third parties SGD 0% On demand 189 189 Secured bank loan SGD Sora + 1.75% On demand 30,000 30,000 30,189 30,189 182 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 20.
LOANS AND BORROWINGS (CONT D) Reconciliation of movements of liabilities to cash flows arising from financing activities Liabilities Loans and Lease Interest borrowings liabilities payable Total $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Balance at 1 January 2023 502,547 2,276 2,003 506,826 Changes from financing cash flows Proceeds from borrowings 191,118     191,118 Repayment of borrowings (136,262)     (136,262) Payment of transaction costs related to loans and borrowings (3,778)     (3,778) Payment of lease liabilities   (1,866)   (1,866) Interest paid     (21,523) (21,523) Total changes from financing cash flows 51,078 (1,866) (21,523) 27,689 The effect of changes in foreign exchange rates (9,459) (28) 110 (9,377) Other changes Liability-related Disposal of a subsidiary   (55)   (55) New lease   3,162   3,162 Sub-lease   232   232 Written back loans from third parties (189)     (189) Amortisation of transaction costs 4,675     4,675 Interest expense   172 21,699 21,871 Total liability-related other changes 4,486 3,511 21,699 29,696 Balance at 31 December 2023 548,652 3,893 2,289 554,834 Balance at 1 January 2022 187,119 1,318 119 188,556 Changes from financing cash flows Proceeds from borrowings 379,271     379,271 Repayment of borrowings (387,968)     (387,968) Payment of transaction costs related to loans and borrowings (7,176)     (7,176) Payment of lease liabilities   (1,066)   (1,066) Interest paid     (14,328) (14,328) Total changes from financing cash flows (15,873) (1,066) (14,328) (31,267) The effect of changes in foreign exchange rates (23,268) (91) (192) (23,551) Other changes Liability-related Acquisition of subsidiary 349,875 1,701 1,907 353,483 New lease   595   595 Derecognition of lease liabilities   (261)   (261) Amortisation of transaction costs 4,694     4,694 Interest expense   80 14,497 14,577 Total liability-related other changes 354,569 2,115 16,404 373,088 Balance at 31 December 2022 502,547 2,276 2,003 506,826 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 183 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 21.
TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES Group Company 2023 2022 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Current Trade payables 11,807 11,534     Other payables 10,528 7,618 582 1,007 Amount due to NCI 9,319       Amounts due to subsidiaries     2,492 5,326 Amount due to a former shareholder   644   644 Interest payable 2,289 2,003 66 69 Accrued expenses 9,398 10,909 1,958 1,974 Deferred revenue 3,114 3,187     46,455 35,895 5,098 9,020 Non-current Loan from a fellow subsidiary 8,000 8,000     Amount due to NCI   9,319     Rental deposits received 10,557 11,704     18,557 29,023     Total trade and other payables 65,012 64,918 5,098 9,020 The amount due to a former shareholder is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.
The non-current loan from a fellow subsidiary is unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed term of repayment (note 35).
The settlement of the loan is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future.
The non-current amount due to NCI relate to the contingent consideration arising from the O2 Group Acquisition (note 31(b)).
The Group s and the Company s exposure to currency risk and liquidity risk related to trade and other payables is disclosed in note 34.
184 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 22.
LEASES Leases as lessee The Group and the Company lease three (2022: two) office spaces and eleven clinics (2022: ten clinics) under non- cancellable operating lease agreements.
The leases typically run for a period of between one and five years (2022: two and five years) with escalation clauses and renewal rights.
Information about leases for which the Group and the Company as lessees are presented below.
Right-of-use assets Group Company 2023 2022 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Balance at 1 January 6,500 6,095   393 Additions 3,162 578 839   Acquisition of a subsidiary   1,664     Disposal of a subsidiary (55)       Depreciation charge for the year (1,697) (1,023) (280) (262) Derecognition right-of-use assets   (261)   (131) Impairment losses (589)       Effect of movement in exchange rates (184) (553)     Balance at 31 December 7,137 6,500 559   ANNUAL REPORT 2023 185 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 22.
LEASES (CONT D) Lease liabilities Terms and conditions of lease liabilities are as follows: Incremental Face Carrying borrowing rate Year of value amount Currency % maturity $ 000 $ 000 Group 31 December 2023 Lease liabilities RMB 5% 2027 613 554 Lease liabilities SGD 3% 2025 593 576 Lease liabilities SGD 2% 2025 152 150 Lease liabilities SGD 4.25% 2025 429 417 Lease liabilities SGD 5.25% 2024-2028 2,387 2,196 4,174 3,893 31 December 2022 Lease liabilities RMB 5% 2027 797 702 Lease liabilities SGD 2% 2023-2025 425 419 Lease liabilities SGD 5.25% 2023-2025 1,141 1,085 Lease liabilities JPY 0.89% 2024 71 70 2,434 2,276 Company 31 December 2023 Lease liabilities SGD 3% 2025 593 576 Amounts recognised in profit or loss Group 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Leases under SFRS(I) 16 Interest on lease liabilities 172 80 Amounts recognised in statement of cash flows Group 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Total cash outflow for leases (1,866) (1,066) 186 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 22.
LEASES (CONT D) Leases as lessor The Group leases out healthcare-related facilities to non-related parties.
The Group has classified these leases as operating leases, because they do not transfer substantially all of the risks and rewards incidental to the ownership of the assets.
Note 7 sets out the information about the operating leases of investment properties.
The following table sets out a maturity analysis of lease payments, showing the undiscounted lease payments to be received after the reporting date: 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Operating leases Within one year 90,503 89,436 One to two years 91,315 90,382 Two to three years 89,720 93,027 Three to four years 88,714 91,667 Four to five years 86,745 90,633 More than five years 776,731 892,129 1,223,728 1,347,274 23.
DEFERRED TAX (a) Deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax liabilities are attributable to the following: Group 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Unremitted income from Japan subsidiaries 30,877 32,417 Investment properties 18,855 18,338 Investment properties under development 745 1,017 Right-of-use assets 706 454 51,183 52,226 (b) Deferred tax assets Deferred tax assets are attributable to the following: Group 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Lease liabilities (706) (454) ANNUAL REPORT 2023 187 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 23.
DEFERRED TAX (CONT D) The movement in the deferred tax balances during the year is as follows: Unremitted Investment income properties from Japan Investment under Right-of-use Lease subsidiaries properties development assets liabilities Total $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Group Deferred tax (assets)/ liabilities At 1 January 2022 33,115   1,482 294* (294)* 34,597 Recognised in profit or loss 4,621 (765) (325) (129) 129 3,531 Acquisition of a subsidiary   20,427   289 (289) 20,427 Effect of movements in exchange rates (5,319) (1,324) (140)     (6,783) At 31 December 2022 32,417 18,338 1,017 454* (454)* 51,772 At 1 January 2023 32,417 18,338 1,017 454 (454) 51,772 Recognised in profit or loss 1,798 773 (237) 252 (252) 2,334 Effect of movements in exchange rates (3,338) (256) (35)     (3,629) At 31 December 2023 30,877 18,855 745 706 (706) 50,477 * Restated balances from application of Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-12: Deferred tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction Unrecognised deferred tax assets As at 31 December 2023, deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of tax losses of $35,087,000 (2022: $30,530,000).
Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these items because it is not probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the Group can utilise the benefits therefrom.
Tax losses and other deductible temporary differences do not expire under current tax legislation.
Unrecognised deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised for withholding taxes that would be payable on the unremitted earnings of $21,779,000 (2022: $23,577,000) of the subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2023 as the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences arising from such amounts can be controlled and it is probable that such temporary differences will not be reversed in the foreseeable future.
188 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 24.
PROVISIONS Site Legal restoration Total Note $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Group At 1 January 2022 20,957 1,550 22,507 Reversal of provision 26   (910) (910) Utilisation during the year (233) (566) (799) Effect of movements in exchange rates   (74) (74) At 31 December 2022 20,724   20,724 At 1 January 2023 20,724   20,724 Utilisation during the year (525)   (525) At 31 December 2023 20,199   20,199 Legal 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Company At 1 January 20,724 20,957 Utilisation during the year (525) (233) At 31 December 20,199 20,724 Legal Provisions are related to legal and related expenses (note 33), which include provision relating to obligations arising from contract and commercial arrangement, based on the best estimate of the possible outflow considering both contractual and commercial factors.
In accordance to paragraph 92 of SFRS(I) 1-37 Provisions, Contingent liabilities and Contingent assets, details of the provision made for each claims were not disclosed in order not prejudice the Group s legal position.
The provisions were utilised for legal costs incurred.
Site restoration Provision was made for site restoration costs to be incurred to restore the Group s leasehold property under development, Chengdu land (note 5).
As of 31 December 2022, restoration works were completed and remaining unutilised provision was reversed.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 189 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 25.
REVENUE Group 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Medical services 36,010 15,841 Rental income 108,568 98,065 Sale of medicine and medical equipment 14,737 5,890 159,315 119,796 The Group applies the practical expedient in paragraph 121 of SFRS(I) 15 and does not disclose information about its remaining performance obligations if: l the performance obligation is part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less; or l the Group has a right to invoice a customer in an amount that corresponds directly with its performance to date, then it recognises revenue in that amount.
The following table provides information about the nature and timing of the satisfaction of performance obligation in contracts with customers, including significant payment terms and the related revenue recognition policies: Healthcare operations segment Nature of goods or services The Group principally generates revenue from providing medical services, selling medicine and medical equipment.
The contracts with its customers for selling medicine and medical equipment are received on an ad-hoc basis.
Goods may be sold separately or in bundled packages.
For the bundled contracts, the Group accounts for individual goods separately if they are distinct i.e, if a good is separately identifiable from other items in the bundled package and if a customer can benefit from it.
When revenue is recognised Revenue is recognised at point in time when customer receives the services or when customer obtains control, based on the relative stand-alone selling prices of each of the goods.
Significant payment terms Payment is due when the goods or services are delivered to the customers.
190 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 25.
REVENUE (CONT D) Healthcare assets segment Rental income received under operating leases is recognised as  revenue  on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
In the following table, revenue is disaggregated by primary geographical markets, major product and services lines and timing of revenue recognition.
The table also includes a reconciliation of the disaggregated revenue with Group s reportable segments (note 36).
Healthcare operations 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Primary geographical markets PRC 5,639 4,760 Singapore 45,108 16,971 50,747 21,731 Major products and services lines Medical services 36,010 15,841 Sale of medicine and medical equipment 14,737 5,890 50,747 21,731 Timing of revenue recognition Products transferred at a point in time 50,747 21,731 Healthcare assets 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Primary geographical markets Japan 14,851 15,357 Indonesia 89,489 79,165 Singapore 4,228 3,543 108,568 98,065 Major products and services lines Rental income 108,568 98,065 Timing of revenue recognition Products transferred over time 108,568 98,065 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 191 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 26.
OTHER INCOME/(EXPENSES) NET Group 2023 2022 Note $ 000 $ 000 Fair value losses on investment properties 7   (8,692) Fair value losses on investment properties under development 8 (948) (1,429) Loss on disposal of a subsidiary 32   (713) Net fair value losses of derivative financial instruments (477) (420) Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment 5 (589)   Property, plant and equipment written-off (2) (5) Other expenses (2,016) (11,259) Fair value gains on investment properties 7 10,834   Proceeds from liquidation of a subsidiary 956   Trade and other payable written back 1,705   Net gain from the First REIT transaction 31(a)   3,144 Reversal of provision for site restoration 24   910 Recovery from David Lin s enforcement proceedings 33   520 Recovery of litigation costs and settlement sum   500 Government grants 34 42 Others 50 3 Other income 13,579 5,119 Other income/(expenses), net 11,563 (6,140) 27.
NET FINANCE COSTS Group 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Interest income 701 456 Finance income 701 456 Amortisation of transaction costs (4,675) (4,694) Interest expense (21,871) (14,577) Foreign exchange loss, net (3,741) (1,102) Finance costs (30,287) (20,373) Net finance costs (29,586) (19,917) 192 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 28.
PROFIT BEFORE TAX The following items have been included in arriving at profit before tax: Group 2023 2022 Note $ 000 $ 000 Audit fees paid/payable to: - auditors of the Company 1,000 1,033 - member firms of the auditors of the Company 61 153 - other auditors 248 261 Non-audit fees paid/payable to: - auditors of the Company 61 92 - other auditors 61 225 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 5 2,155 1,496 Employee benefits expense (see below) 9,970 8,054 Trade and other receivable written off 455 127 Manager s management fees 9,817 8,028 Operating expenses arising from rental of investment properties 3,234 2,749 Employee benefits expense Salaries, wages and related cost 8,804 7,048 Employer s contribution to defined contribution plan 791 668 Others 375 338 9,970 8,054 29.
TAX EXPENSE Group 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Current tax expense Current year 9,971 9,076 Changes in estimates related to prior years 70   Withholding tax 4,633 4,632 14,674 13,708 Deferred tax expense Origination and reversal of temporary differences 2,334 3,531 Total tax expense 17,008 17,239 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 193 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 29.
TAX EXPENSE (CONT D) Reconciliation of effective tax rate Group 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Profit before tax 74,518 49,735 Tax using Singapore tax rate of 17% (2022: 17%) 12,668 8,455 Effect of tax rates in foreign jurisdictions (9,667) 47 Effects of results of equity-accounted investees presented net of tax (288) 250 Tax-exempt income (2,308) (999) Non-deductible expenses 10,060 1,504 Foreign withholding tax 4,633 4,632 Tax transparency1 (401) (529) Changes in estimates related to prior years 76   Current tax losses for which no deferred tax assets are recognised 775 544 Tax losses not allowed to be carried forward 1,460 3,335 17,008 17,239 Tax losses not allowed to be carried forward The Group has tax losses not allowed to be carried forward of $8,588,000 (2022: $19,618,000).
The unutilised losses arise from investment holding companies which cannot be carried forward to offset the income of future years of assessment.
1 Pursuant to the Tax Transparency Ruling issued by the IRAS, tax transparency treatment has been granted to First REIT in respect of certain taxable income ( Specified Taxable Income ).
Subject to meeting the terms and conditions of the Tax Transparency Ruling, which includes a distribution of at least 90% of the Specified Taxable Income of First REIT, First REIT is not subject to tax on the Specified Taxable Income distributed to the Unitholders in the same year in which the Specified Taxable Income was derived.
194 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 30.
EARNINGS PER SHARE (i) Basic earnings per share The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding.
Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company Group 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Net profit attributable to owners of the Company 8,049 4,392 Weighted average number of ordinary shares Group 2023 2022  000  000 Weighted average number of ordinary shares during the year 4,443,129 4,443,129 (ii) Diluted earnings per share The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the following profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, after adjustment for the effect of conversion of the convertible perpetual securities, issued on 16 March 2021, to ordinary shares at the conversion price of $0.07 per ordinary share.
Under the terms of the conversion agreement, the convertible perpetual securities (note 17) can only be converted into ordinary shares on or after 31 August 2026.
Net profit attributable to owners of the Company Group 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Net profit attributable to owners of the Company 8,049 4,392 Weighted average number of ordinary shares Group 2023 2022 Note  000  000 Ordinary share issued at the reporting date 4,443,129 4,443,129 Effect of conversion of convertible perpetual securities into ordinary shares 17 2,708,681 2,708,681 Weighted average number of ordinary shares during the year 7,151,810 7,151,810 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 195 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 31.
ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES AND DISPOSAL OF AN ASSOCIATE (a) Acquisition of First REIT as subsidiary As part of the Group s assets light strategy, on 1 March 2022, the Group divested its wholly-owned subsidiaries, (i) OUELH Japan Medical Facilities Pte.
Ltd., which owns a 100% interest in 12 nursing homes located in Japan; and (ii) OUELH Japan Medical Assets Pte.
Ltd. to First REIT.
The consideration received included 431,147,541 new units in First REIT ( Consideration Units ) at the issue price of $0.305 per unit, amounting to approximately $131,500,000.
The Group s direct stake in First REIT increased from 15.3% to 33.1% and the Group became a controlling shareholder of First REIT.
As such, the Group s investment in First REIT was deemed disposed by the Group as an associate and became a subsidiary of the Group ( First REIT transaction ).
For the ten months ended 31 December 2022, First REIT contributed revenue of $95,393,000 and profit of $37,907,000 to the Group s results.
If the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2022, management estimates that consolidated revenue would have been $135,678,000, and consolidated profit for the year would have been $35,485,000.
In determining these amounts, management has assumed that the fair value adjustments, that arose on the date of acquisition would have been the same if the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2022.
Consideration transferred The following table summarises the acquisition-date fair value of each major class of consideration transferred: Note $ 000 Fair value of the existing shares in associate 74,055 Fair value of the Japan subsidiaries transferred to 66.89% NCI 37(a) 86,514 Total consideration transferred 160,569 Fair value of associate The fair value of the existing 15.3% shareholding (246,850,287 units) in the associate, First REIT, was based on the fair value of First REIT units.
Fair value of Japan subsidiaries transferred to non-controlling interests (NCI) in First REIT The fair value of Japan subsidiaries transferred to NCI was based on the 66.9% of the fair value of the Consideration Units on 28 February 2022.
The fair value of the Consideration Units was based on the fair value of First REIT units, which is used as proxy to determine the fair value of the Japan subsidiaries.
Fair value of First REIT units   Level 1 quoted price The fair value of the First REIT units was based on the listed closing share price of First REIT at 28 February 2022 of $0.30 per share.
196 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 31.
ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES AND DISPOSAL OF AN ASSOCIATE (CONT D) (a) Acquisition of First REIT as subsidiary (cont d) Acquisition-related costs The Group incurred acquisition-related costs of $211,000 on legal fees and due diligence costs.
These costs have been included in  administrative expenses .
Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed The following table summarises the recognised amounts of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of completion of the First REIT transaction.
Note $ 000 Plant and equipment 26 Investment properties 7 955,235 Trade and other receivables 32,955 Cash and cash equivalents 58,484 Investment in quoted shares 141 Trade and other payables (38,757) Current tax liabilities (733) Deferred tax liabilities 23 (20,427) Loans and borrowings 20 (349,875) Derivative financial instruments (673) Perpetual securities holders  fund (59,651) Net book value 576,725 Cash consideration received (14,512) Net identifiable assets and liabilities acquired 562,213 Measurement of fair values The valuation techniques use for measuring the fair value of material assets acquired were as follows: Assets acquired Valuation technique Investment properties Discounted cash flow, capitalisation and/or direct comparison methods: The valuation methods involve certain key inputs and estimates including those relating to cash flows, interest rates, discount rates, terminal capitalisation rates, capitalisation rates and price per square metre.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 197 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 31.
ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES AND DISPOSAL OF AN ASSOCIATE (CONT D) (a) Acquisition of First REIT as subsidiary (cont d) Negative goodwill and net gain from First REIT transaction Negative goodwill arising from First REIT transaction has been recognised as follows: Note $ 000 Total consideration transferred 160,569 NCI, based on their proportionate interest in the recognised amounts of the assets and liabilities of the acquiree 376,044 Fair value of identifiable net assets and liabilities (562,213) Negative goodwill (25,600) Disposal of First REIT as an associate Fair value of associate on disposal date 74,055 Less: interests in an associate on disposal date 10 (96,511) Loss on disposal of First REIT as an associate (22,456) Net gain from the First REIT transaction recognised in profit or loss 3,144 Cash flows relating to the acquisition of First REIT as a subsidiary Cash and bank balances of subsidiary acquired 43,972 Add: Cash consideration received from divestment of Japan subsidiaries 37(a) 14,512 Net cash inflow from the First REIT transaction 58,484 The remeasurement to fair value of the Group existing 15.3% interest in First REIT resulted in a gain of $3,144,000.
This amount has been recognised in  other income  in the statement of profit or loss.
198 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 31.
ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES AND DISPOSAL OF AN ASSOCIATE (CONT D) (b) Acquisition of respiratory and cardiothoracic medical practices in Singapore   O2 Group In 2022, the Group incorporated a new subsidiary, Echo Healthcare Management Pte.
Ltd. ( ECHM ), which is 60% owned by the Group and 40% held by a subsidiary of OUE Limited, to acquire respiratory specialists and cardiothoracic surgical practice in Singapore (RMA, TRPF and BH, collectively known as the  Medical Partners ).
The acquisition was completed on 30 June 2022.
Upon completion, ECHM owns 60% of O2 Healthcare Group Pte.
Ltd. (formerly known as Echo Healthcare Services Pte.
Ltd.) ( O2HG ), and O2HG owns 60% of equity interests in the Medical Partners ( O2 Group Acquisition ).
The remaining 40% direct shares of O2HG and 40% direct shares of the Medical Partners are held by the founding shareholders of the Medical Partners.
The performance of the ECHM and its subsidiaries ( O2 Group ) has been consolidated under the Group with effect from 1 July 2022.
For the six months ended 31 December 2022, O2 Group contributed revenue of $16,972,000 and profit of $2,542,000 to the Group s results.
If the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2022, management estimates that consolidated revenue would have been $135,619,000, and consolidated profit for the year would have been $37,015,000.
In determining these amounts, management has assumed that the fair value adjustments, that arose on the date of acquisition would have been the same if the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2022.
Consideration transferred The following table summarises the acquisition-date fair value of each major class of consideration transferred: $ 000 Cash 18,639 Contingent consideration 9,319 Total consideration transferred 27,958 Contingent consideration The Group has assessed that it is highly probable that the O2 Group will achieve the performance target for the outstanding consideration in 2024 based on its forecasted results.
The outstanding consideration is payable when the O2 Group s EBITDA exceeds 50% growth during the relevant period (June 2022   May 2030).
The Group has included $9,319,000 as contingent consideration related to the additional consideration, which represents its fair value at the date of acquisition.
Acquisition-related costs The Group incurred acquisition-related costs of $620,000 on legal fees and due diligence costs.
These costs have been included in  administrative expenses .
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 199 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 31.
ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES AND DISPOSAL OF AN ASSOCIATE (CONT D) (b) Acquisition of respiratory and cardiothoracic medical practices in Singapore   O2 Group (cont d) Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed The following table summarises the recognised amounts of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of O2 Group Acquisition.
$ 000 Plant and equipment 1,970 Deposit 207 Prepayment 90 Lease liabilities (1,701) Net identifiable assets and liabilities acquired 566 Cash flow relating to the O2 Group $ 000 Purchase consideration (27,958) Add: Outstanding consideration unpaid as at year end 9,319 Net cash outflow (18,639) Measurement of fair values The valuation techniques use for measuring the fair value of material assets acquired were as follows: Assets acquired Valuation technique Plant and equipment Market comparison technique and Cost technique: Plant and equipment mainly relate to right-of-use ( ROU ) assets.
The valuation for ROU assets is by discounting the remaining lease payments as at date of valuation, and direct comparison methods involve certain parameters such as market rents and discount rate.
Goodwill Goodwill arising from the O2 Group Acquisition has been recognised as follows: $ 000 Total consideration transferred 27,958 NCI, based on their proportionate interest in the recognised amounts of the assets and liabilities of the acquiree 362 Fair value of identifiable net assets and liabilities (566) Goodwill 27,754 The goodwill is attributable mainly to the field of cardiovascular and lung related specialisation, which medical services are interlinked and can provide synergy to the Group s healthcare business.
None of the goodwill recognised is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
200OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 32.
DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (a) Disposal of FRM Japan Management Co., Ltd. ( FRJM ) On 31 March 2023, the Company s indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, OLH (FTZ) Pte.
Ltd., completed the disposal of 100% of the issued and paid-up share capital of FRM Japan Management Co., Ltd. ( FRJM ) to First REIT Management Limited ( FRML ), in its personal capacity, for a total consideration of $260,000, paid wholly in cash (the  FRJM Transaction ).
The consideration was arrived at on a willing-buyer, willing-seller basis following arm s length negotiations between the parties taking into account the net asset value of FRJM of $260,000 as of 31 March 2023.
Following completion of the FRJM Transaction, FRJM has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of FRML.
FRML is in turn 60% owned by OUE Limited and 40% owned by the Company.
Accordingly, FRJM has ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company and has become an associated company of the Company.
For more information, please refer to the announcement issued by First Real Estate Investment Trust dated 31 March 2023 on the FRJM Transaction.
Effect of the disposal The cash flow and net asset of FRJM were as follows: $ 000 Plant and equipment 75 Other receivables 366 Cash and cash equivalents 14 Other payables (131) Current tax liabilities (9) Lease liabilities (55) 260 Less: Cash and cash equivalents disposed (14) Net cash inflow on disposal of a subsidiary 246 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 201 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 32.
DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (b) Disposal of PT Tata Prima Indah ( PT TPI ) On 27 September 2022, the Group has through its indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries, Primerich Investments Pte.
Ltd. and Surabaya Hospitals Investment Pte.
Ltd., completed the disposal of 100% of issued and paid-up share capital of PT Tata Prima Indah ( PT TPI ) for a total sales consideration of IDR430,000,000,000 (approximately $40,345,000).
PT TPI previously contributed net profit after tax of $2,106,000 from 1 March 2022 to the date of disposal.
Effect of the disposal The cash flow and net asset of PT TPI were as follows: $ 000 Investment properties 40,438 Other payables * Cash and cash equivalents * Net assets disposed 40,438 Realisation of foreign exchange reserves 44 Tax expense relating to the disposal (2,017) 38,465 Loss on disposal of a subsidiary (including transaction costs1) (713) 37,752 Less: Cash and cash equivalents disposed * Add: Transaction costs   Manager s divestment fees paid in units 202 Net cash inflow on disposal of a subsidiary 37,954 * Less than $1,000 1 Included in the transaction costs are the audit fees paid to the auditors amounting to $37,000.
202 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 33.
LITIGATION AND CLAIM CASES The Group is exposed to several litigation and claim cases as at 31 December 2023.
(a) Litigation cases with David Lin, a non-controlling shareholder of certain subsidiaries In 2013, the Group acquired a 74.97% effective interest and control over Health Kind International Limited ( HKIL ) and its subsidiaries, Health Kind International (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. ( Health Kind Shanghai ) and Wuxi New District Phoenix Hospital Co., Ltd. ( Wuxi Co ).
In 2017, Weixin Hospital Investment Management (Shanghai) Co
Ltd ( Weixin ), a company controlled by David Lin, sought a court order for the shares in Wuxi Co to be transferred to Weixin.
The Shanghai Courts have rendered a judgement and appeal judgement in favour of Weixin.
Consequently, the Group deconsolidated Wuxi Co in 2018.
Arbitration Proceedings against David Lin In 2018, the Company commenced arbitration proceedings in Singapore against David Lin.
The Tribunal issued the final arbitration award against David Lin on 7 January 2019.
The Company has obtained a Singapore judgement in terms of the arbitration award on 28 November 2019.
Recognition and enforcement proceedings In 2019, the Company commenced recognition and enforcement proceedings in Hong Kong, Taiwan and Shanghai against David Lin to enforce the said award.
As at 31 December 2023, the Company has obtained permission from the respective authorities concerned to enforce the award in Hong Kong, Taiwan and Shanghai.
As at 31 December 2023: l Hong Kong: the Company continues to hold a charging order absolute over David Lin s shares in Healthcare Solution Investment Limited ( HSIL ) and Hong Kong Life Sciences and Technologies Group Limited.
The Company has also obtained an order to appoint Receivers over David Lin s interest in the HSIL shares.
HSIL is the sole shareholder of Weixin; l Shanghai: the Shanghai No.
1 Court received approximately RMB3.25 million in November 2020.
The funds have been transferred to a subsidiary of the Company in March 2021; and l Taiwan: In March 2021, the Company also received the sum of $711,000, being the deposit and trust assets held by David Lin in his bank accounts in Taiwan.
Separately, David Lin s   share in a real estate in New Taipei City was sold on 18 January 2021 during a public auction for the sum of NTD5,880,000, of which the Company received a sum net of costs and expenses.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 203 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 33.
LITIGATION AND CLAIM CASES (CONT D) (b) Other claim(s) against the Company The Company received a letter of demand from Fan Kow Hin s ( Fan ) private trustees dated 25 June 2021, demanding payment of the sum of $850,000 allegedly owing to Fan pursuant to shareholder advances, expense claims and a Management Advisory Service Agreement between Fan and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company dated 1 February 2016.
This letter demanded payment of the same sums previously claimed by Fan in his letter of demand to the Company dated 27 January 2017.
In 2017, the Company responded to Fan to seek further particulars and supporting documents in support of his claims, though no response was forthcoming.
The Company has responded to Fan s private trustees to seek further particulars and supporting documents in support of their claims.
No litigation has developed from these claims and no provisions is made given that there is lack of details to support the claims.
34.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS Financial risk management Overview The Group has exposure to the following risks arising from financial instruments: l credit risk l liquidity risk l market risk This note presents information about the Group s exposure to each of the above risks, the Group s objectives, policies and processes for measuring and managing risk, and the Group s management of capital.
Risk management framework Risk management is integral to the whole business of the Group.
The Board of Directors continually monitors the Group s risk management process to ensure that an appropriate balance between risk and control is achieved.
Credit risk Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations and arises principally from the Group s trade and other receivables, and cash and cash equivalents.
The carrying amounts of financial assets in the statements of financial position represent the Group s and the Company s maximum exposures to credit risk, before taking into account any collateral held.
The Group and the Company do not hold any collateral in respect of their financial assets.
204 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 34.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT D) Credit risk (cont d) Trade and other receivables The Group has a credit policy in place and the exposure to credit risk is monitored on an ongoing basis.
Credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount.
The Group does not require collateral in respect of these financial assets.
The Group limits its exposure to credit risk from trade receivables by collecting deposits as collateral, where possible.
In monitoring customer credit risk, the Group considers the trade history of the customers with the Group, aging profile, maturity and existence of previous financial difficulties.
The First REIT Manager has established credit limits for tenants, obtained security deposits and/or bank guarantees (where applicable) and monitors their balances on an on-going basis.
Credit evaluations are performed by the First REIT Manager before lease agreements are entered into with tenants.
One of the tenants in Singapore has provided a bank guarantee in lieu of security deposits of $1,545,000 (2022:$1,515,000).
The lessees, PT Lippo Karawaci Tbk and its subsidiaries, have provided bank guarantees of $44,157,000 (2022:$42,840,000) in lieu of security deposits for rental income from the properties.
These guarantees which expired in 2023 have been renewed up to June, September and December 2024 as appropriate.
Exposure to credit risk The exposure to credit risk for trade receivables at the reporting date by geographic region was as follows: Group 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 PRC 410 753 Indonesia 5,432 4,214 Singapore 9,835 5,229 15,677 10,196 The exposure to credit risk for trade receivables at the reporting date by type of counterparty was as follows: Group Company 2023 2022 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Drug distribution companies 187 277     Medical service providers 223 476     Hospital patients 9,617 4,960     Tenant rental income 5,650 4,483     15,677 10,196     ANNUAL REPORT 2023 205 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 34.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT D) Credit risk (cont d) Exposure to credit risk (cont d) Expected credit loss assessment for trade receivables The Group uses an allowance matrix to measure the lifetime ECL of trade receivables.
Loss rates are calculated using a  roll-rate  method based on the probability of a receivable progressing through successive stages of delinquency to write-off and are based on actual credit loss experience over the past three years.
These rates are adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historic data has been collected, current conditions and the Group s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.
Trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such as a debtor failing to engage in a repayment plan with the Group.
The Group considers a financial asset to be in default if the counterparty fails to make contractual payments within six-months when they fall due and writes off the financial asset only when the Group is satisfied that no recovery of the amount owing is possible.
When receivables are written off, the Group continues to engage in enforcement activity to attempt to recover the receivables due.
Where recoveries are made, those are recognised in profit or loss.
The following table provides information about the Group s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade receivables as at 31 December 2023: Group Gross carrying amount Impairment loss allowance $ 000 $ 000 2023 Not past due 4,569   Past due less than 30 days 1,728   Past due 31 to 60 days 1,159   Past due 61 to 90 days 1,346   Past due over 90 days 6,875   15,677   2022 Not past due 2,847   Past due less than 30 days 3,135   Past due 31 to 60 days 1,068   Past due 61 to 90 days 1,004   Past due over 90 days 2,142   10,196   206 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 34.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT D) Credit risk (cont d) Non-trade amounts due from subsidiaries The Company holds non-trade receivables from its subsidiaries of $505,061,000 (2022: $495,478,000).
These balances are loans to subsidiaries to satisfy their funding requirements.
Management considered qualitative and economic factors in the ECL assessment such as viability of business plans of subsidiaries.
Impairment on these balances has been measured on the 12-month and lifetime expected credit loss basis.
The amount of the allowance on non-trade receivables from its subsidiaries is $186,624,000 (2022: $179,063,000).
Other receivables The Group and the Company held other receivables of $10,330,000 and $5,964,000 respectively at 31 December 2023 (2022: $11,093,000 and $6,095,000 respectively).
Impairment on these balances have been measured on the 12-month and lifetime expected credit loss basis.
The amounts of the allowance on other receivables for the Group and the Company are $7,665,000 and $5,237,000 respectively (2022: $7,785,000 and $5,332,000 respectively).
Amount due from a third party The Group and Company held amount due from a third party of $487,000 (2022: $674,000) as at 31 December 2023.
Impairment on these balances have been measured on the 12-month and lifetime expected credit loss basis.
The amount of the allowance on amount due from a third party was negligible.
The Group believes that, apart from the above, no further impairment allowance is necessary in respect of the other receivables.
Advance to a joint venture partner and loans to joint ventures The Group holds non-trade receivables from its joint venture partner of $nil (2022: $1,800,000) and loans to joint ventures of $5,405,000 (2022: $5,592,000).
These balances are amounts lent to joint ventures to satisfy their funding requirements.
Impairment on these balances have been measured on the 12-month and lifetime expected credit loss basis.
The amount of the allowance on advance to the joint venture partner and the allowance on loans to joint ventures were negligible.
Derivatives financial instruments Derivatives financial instruments are entered into with bank and financial institution counterparties with sound credit rating.
At reporting date, there were no significant concentrations of credit risk.
The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying value of each financial asset on the statement of financial position.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 207 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 34.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT D) Credit risk (cont d) Cash and cash equivalents The Group and the Company held cash and cash equivalents of $59,618,000 and $2,863,000 respectively at 31 December 2023 (2022: $66,877,000 and $9,648,000 respectively).
The cash and cash equivalents are held with bank and financial institution counterparties that have a sound credit rating.
Impairment on cash and cash equivalents have been measured on the 12-month expected loss basis and reflects the short maturities of the exposures.
The Group considers that its cash and cash equivalents have low credit risk based on the external credit ratings of the counterparties.
The amount of the allowance on cash and cash equivalents was negligible.
Guarantees The Group provides financial guarantees to subsidiaries and joint ventures, where appropriate.
Intra-group financial guarantees comprise guarantees given by the Company to financial institutions in respect of credit facilities granted to subsidiaries.
The maximum exposure of the Company is $41,541,000 (2022: $63,867,000).
At the reporting date, the Company has not recognised an ECL provision as the ECL amount was lower than the amortised liability for intra-group financial guarantee contracts.
The Company does not consider it probable that a claim will be made against the Company under the guarantees.
Liquidity risk Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group and the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting financial obligations due to shortage of funds.
The Group s exposure to liquidity risk arises primarily from mismatches of the maturities of financial assets and liabilities.
The Group s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of loans and borrowings.
In addition, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents deemed adequate by management to finance its operations and mitigate the effect of fluctuations in cash flows.
In addition, the Group maintains the following lines of credit: l $3 million revolving credit facilities that is secured with charge over units in a subsidiary held by one of the subsidiaries of the Company and the shares in an associate company.
Interest would be payable at the rate of SORA plus 150 basis points (note 20 (j)).
l $12 million revolving credit facilities that is secured with charge over units in a subsidiary held by one of the subsidiaries of the Company.
Interest would be payable at the rate of SORA plus 200 basis points.
208 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 34.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT D) Liquidity risk (cont d) The following are the contractual maturities of financial liabilities, including estimated interest payments and excluding the impact of netting agreements: ------------- Cash outflows ------------- Carrying Contractual Within After 1 year but After amount cash outflows 1 year within 5 years 5 years $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Group 2023 Non-derivative financial liabilities Loans and borrowings 548,652 (690,768) (125,515) (460,057) (105,196) Trade and other payables* 43,341 (43,341) (43,341)     Lease liabilities 3,893 (4,174) (1,833) (2,341)   Rental deposits received 10,557 (10,557)   (2,664) (7,893) 606,443 (748,840) (170,689) (465,062) (113,089) Derivative financial instruments Interest rate swaps (net-settled) - liabilities 272 (353) (90) (263)   Interest rate caps (net-settled) - assets (411) 175 175     Forward exchange contracts (net-settled) - assets (149) 149 149     - liabilities 14 (14) (14)     (274) (43) 220 (263)   606,169 (748,883) (170,469) (465,325) (113,089) 2022 Non-derivative financial liabilities Loans and borrowings 502,547 (578,013) (74,138) (503,875)   Trade and other payables* 42,027 (42,027) (32,708) (9,319)   Lease liabilities 2,276 (2,434) (1,102) (1,332)   Rental deposits received 11,704 (11,704)   (2,705) (8,999) 558,554 (634,178) (107,948) (517,231) (8,999) Derivative financial instruments Interest rate swaps (net-settled) - assets (176) 240 459 (219)   Interest rate caps (net-settled) - assets (1,072) 934 787 147   Forward exchange contracts (net-settled) 494 (494) (494)     - liabilities (754) 680 752 (72)   557,800 (633,498) (107,196) (517,303) (8,999) * Excluding deferred revenue, loan from a fellow subsidiary and rental deposits received.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 209 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 34.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT D) Liquidity risk (cont d) ------------- Cash outflows ------------- Carrying Contractual Within After 1 year but After amount cash outflows 1 year within 5 years 5 years $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Company 2023 Non-derivative financial liabilities Loans and borrowings 41,875 (56,381) (43,960) (12,421)   Trade and other payables 5,098 (5,098) (5,098)     Lease liabilities 576 (593) (296) (297)   Recognised financial liabilities 47,549 (62,072) (49,354) (12,718)   Financial guarantees   (41,541) (41,541)     47,549 (103,613) (90,895) (12,718)   2022 Non-derivative financial liabilities Loans and borrowings 30,189 (31,032) (31,032)     Trade and other payables 9,020 (9,020) (9,020)     Recognised financial liabilities 39,209 (40,052) (40,052)     Financial guarantees   (63,867) (63,867)     39,209 (103,919) (103,919)     210 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 34.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT D) Market risk Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates and equity prices will affect the Group s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments.
The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return.
Currency risk The Group operates predominantly in the Asia-Pacific region with operations in countries such as Singapore, Malaysia, PRC, Japan and Indonesia.
Entities in the Group regularly transact in currencies other than their respective functional currencies ( foreign currencies ).
Currency risk arises within entities in the Group when transactions are denominated in foreign currencies such as the Malaysian Ringgit ( MYR ), Japanese Yen ( JPY ), US Dollar ( USD ), Chinese Yuan Renminbi ( RMB ) and Indonesian Rupiah ( IDR ).
The Group s exposures to various foreign currencies are shown in Singapore dollars ( SGD ), translated using the spot rate as at 31 December as follows: SGD MYR JPY USD RMB IDR $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 2023 Financial assets Cash and cash equivalents 53     2 39 2,327 Other investment       2,648     Trade and other receivables 1,200 6 9,126 3,498 15,495 791 1,253 6 9,126 6,148 15,534 3,118 Financial liabilities Trade and other payables* (88,443) (413) (29,780) (9,120) (1,146)   Net exposure (87,190) (407) (20,654) (2,972) 14,388 3,118 2022 Financial assets Cash and cash equivalents 22     2 40 1,336 Other investment       2,817     Trade and other receivables 1,200 6 10,684 3,370 16,147   1,222 6 10,684 6,189 16,187 1,336 Financial liabilities Trade and other payables* (78,744) (439) (5,984) (8,358) (1,194)   Net exposure (77,522) (433) 4,700 (2,169) 14,993 1,336 * Excluding intra-group balances for which settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future ANNUAL REPORT 2023 211 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 34.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT D) Currency risk (cont d) The Company s exposure to the following foreign currency is shown in SGD, translated using spot rate as at 31 December as follows: USD $ 000 2023 Financial assets Trade and other receivables 487 2022 Financial assets Trade and other receivables 674 Sensitivity analysis A 5% strengthening of the SGD against the following currencies at the reporting date would have increased/(decreased) profit or loss by the amounts shown below.
This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular interest rate, remain constant.
Profit or loss 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Group SGD (4,359) (3,876) MYR 20 22 JPY 1,033 (235) USD 149 108 RMB (719) (750) IDR (156) (67) Company USD (24) (34) 212 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 34.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT D) Interest rate risk The Group s exposure to interest rate risk arises primarily from its variable-rate borrowings.
The Group s policy is to obtain the most favourable interest rates available without increasing its foreign currency exposure.
At the reporting date, the interest rate profile of the interest-bearing financial instruments was as follows: Group Company Nominal amount Nominal amount 2023 2022 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Fixed rate instruments Financial assets   1,800     Financial liabilities (225,638) (102,244)     Interest rate swaps (85,000) (85,000)     Interest rate caps (90,000) (90,000)     (400,638) (275,444)     Variable rate instruments Financial liabilities (332,831) (410,246) (42,000) (30,000) Interest rate swaps 85,000 85,000     Interest rate caps 90,000 90,000     (157,831) (235,246) (42,000) (30,000) Fair value sensitivity analysis for fixed rate instruments The Group does not account for any fixed rate financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss.
Therefore, a change in interest rates at the reporting date would not affect profit or loss.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 213 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 34.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT D) Interest rate risk (cont d) Cash flow sensitivity analysis for variable rate instruments A change of 100 basis points in interest rates at the reporting date would have increased/(decreased) profit or loss by the amounts shown below.
The analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign currency rates, remain constant.
Profit or loss 100 bp 100 bp increase decrease $ 000 $ 000 Group 31 December 2023 Variable rate instruments Effect of borrowings (3,328) 3,328 Interest rate swaps 850 (850) Interest rate caps 900 (900) (1,578) 1,578 31 December 2022 Variable rate instruments Effect of borrowings (4,102) 4,102 Interest rate swaps 850 (850) Interest rate caps 900 (900) (2,352) 2,352 Company 31 December 2023 Variable rate instruments (420) 420 31 December 2022 Variable rate instruments (300) 300 214 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 34.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT D) Other market price risk Equity price risk arises from equity investment at FVOCI held for the long term for strategic purposes.
The primary goal of the Group s investment strategy is to maximise investment return.
A 10% increase in the underlying prices of the Group s investment at the reporting date would increase equity (before any tax effect) by the following amounts: Sensitivity analysis - price risk 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Unquoted investments at FVOCI Equity 265 282 A 10% decrease in the underlying prices at the reporting date would have had the equal but opposite effect on the equity to the amounts shown above, on the basis that all other variables remain constant.
Capital management The primary objective of the Group s capital management is to safeguard the Group s ability to continue as a going concern.
The Group defines  capital  as including all components of equity, including non-controlling interests.
The Company is a subsidiary of OUE Limited through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Treasure International Holdings Pte.
Ltd..
As the Group is part of a larger group, the Group s sources of additional capital may also be affected by OUE Limited s capital management objectives.
The Group receives financial support from its intermediate holding company for its working capital purposes, when required.
The Group s capital structure is reviewed and managed with due regard to the capital management practices of the group to which it belongs.
Adjustments may be made to the capital structure in light of changes in economic conditions affecting the Company or the Group to the extent that these do not conflict with the directors  fiduciary duties towards the Company or the requirements of the Singapore Companies Act.
Apart from that disclosed above, neither the Company nor its subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 215 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 34.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT D) Accounting classifications and fair values The carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities, including their levels in the fair value hierarchy are as follows.
It does not include fair value information for financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value.
Carrying amount Fair value Financial assets at FVOCI- Fair value Other amortised equity financial financial cost instrument derivatives liabilities Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Group 2023 Financial assets not measured at fair value Trade and other receivables* 24,798       24,798     3,148 3,148 Cash and cash equivalents 59,618       59,618         84,416       84,416 Financial assets measured at fair value Other investment   2,648     2,648     2,648 2,648 Derivative financial instruments - interest rate caps (net-settled)     411   411   411   411 - forward exchange contracts (net-settled)     149   149   149   149   2,648 560   3,208 Financial liabilities measured at fair value Derivative financial instruments - interest rate swaps (net-settled)     (272)   (272)   (272)   (272) - forward exchange contracts (net-settled)     (14)   (14)   (14)   (14)     (286)   (286) Financial liabilities not measured at fair value Loans and borrowings       (548,652) (548,652)   (97,789) (115,832) (213,621) Trade and other payables#       (51,341) (51,341)     (9,319) (9,319) Rental deposits received       (10,557) (10,557)     (8,347) (8,347)       (610,550) (610,550) * Excluding prepayments # Excluding deferred revenue and rental deposits received 216 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 34.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT D) Accounting classifications and fair values (cont d) Carrying amount Fair value Financial assets at FVOCI- Fair value Other amortised equity financial financial cost instrument derivatives liabilities Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Group 2022 Financial assets not measured at fair value Trade and other receivables* 22,337       22,337     3,233 3,233 Cash and cash equivalents 66,877       66,877         89,214       89,214 Financial assets measured at fair value Other investment   2,817     2,817     2,817 2,817 Derivative financial instruments - interest rate swaps (net-settled)     176   176   176   176 - interest rate caps (net-settled)     1,072   1,072   1,072   1,072   2,817 1,248   4,065 Financial liabilities measured at fair value Derivative financial instruments - Forward exchange contracts (net-settled)     (494)   (494)   (494)   (494)     (494)   (494) Financial liabilities not measured at fair value Loans and borrowings       (502,547) (502,547)   (95,356)   (95,356) Trade and other payables#       (50,027) (50,027)     (17,319) (17,319) Rental deposits received       (11,704) (11,704)     (9,001) (9,001)       (564,278) (564,278) * Excluding prepayments # Excluding deferred revenue and rental deposits received ANNUAL REPORT 2023 217 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 34.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT D) Accounting classifications and fair values (cont d) Carrying amount Fair value Financial assets at Other amortised financial cost liabilities Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Company 2023 Financial assets not measured at fair value Trade and other receivables* 319,729   319,729     305,816 305,816 Cash and cash equivalents 2,863   2,863         322,592   322,592 Financial liabilities not measured at fair value Loans and borrowings   (41,875) (41,875)         Trade and other payables   (5,098) (5,098)           (46,973) (46,973) 2022 Financial assets not measured at fair value Trade and other receivables* 317,998   317,998     58,872 58,872 Cash and cash equivalents 9,648   9,648         327,646   327,646 Financial liabilities not measured at fair value Loans and borrowings   (30,189) (30,189)         Trade and other payables   (9,020) (9,020)           (39,209) (39,209) * Excluding prepayments 218 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 34.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT D) Accounting classifications and fair values (cont d) The following tables show the valuation techniques used in measuring level 2 and level 3 fair values.
Type Valuation technique Key observable inputs Group Financial instruments not measured at fair value Rental deposits received Discounted cash flows: The valuation Discount rate: 1.1% to 3.6% model considers the present value of (2022: 1.1% to 3.6%) expected payment, discounted using a risk-adjusted discount rate.
Loan to joint venture Discounted cash flows: The valuation Not applicable model considers the present value of expected payment, discounted using a risk-adjusted discount rate.
Other long-term financial liabilities Discounted cash flows: The valuation Not applicable model considers the present value of expected payment, discounted using a risk-adjusted discount rate.
Guaranteed bonds Market quoted prices Not applicable Financial instruments measured at fair value Equity investments Market comparison technique: The Not applicable   at FVOCI valuation model is based on recent transacted prices, through fund- raising exercise.
Interest rate swaps, interest rate caps The fair values are based on broker Not applicable and forward exchange contracts quotes.
Similar contracts are traded in an active market and the quotes reflect the actual transaction in similar instruments.
Corporate guarantee The fair values are calculated as Not applicable the present value of the difference between the net contractual cash flows required under a debt instrument, and the net contractual cash flows that would have been required without the guarantee.
Contingent consideration Discounted cash flows: The valuation Not applicable model considers the present value of expected future payment, discounted using a risk-adjusted discount rate.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 219 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 35.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Other than disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the following transactions took place between the Group and related parties at terms agreed between the parties during the financial year: Group 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Interest expense paid/payable to a fellow subsidiary (20) (95) Recharge of employee expenses to a joint venture   71 Reversal of recharge of employee expenses to a joint venture   (335) Management fees paid/payable to a joint venture, FRML, by a subsidiary, First REIT 9,757 8,007 Key management personnel of the Group are those persons having the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group.
Key management personnel compensation comprised: Group 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Salaries and other short-term employee benefits 790 778 Directors  fees of the Company 620 608 Post-employment benefits (including contributions to defined contribution plan) 17 17 1,427 1,403 Included in the above is total compensation to directors of the Company amounting to $620,000 (2022: $608,000).
Shareholder loan from OUE Treasury Pte.
Ltd. ( OUE Treasury ) The repayment date of the outstanding loan of $1,800,000 from OUE Treasury to OUELH Medical Assets Pte.
Ltd. ( OMA ) was extended from 29 March 2022 to 11 April 2023.
The loan was fully paid on 11 April 2023.
OUE Treasury is a wholly-owned subsidiary of OUE Limited, which is a controlling shareholder of the Company.
OMA is a subsidiary of the Company.
The interest on the loan is 4% per annum.
Loan from TI Echo Pte.
Ltd. ( TI Echo ) A loan of $8,000,000 from TI Echo to Echo Healthcare Management Pte.
Ltd. ( ECHM ).
TI Echo is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Treasure International Holdings Pte.
Ltd. ( TIHPL ), which is the Company s immediate holding company.
TIHPL is a wholly-owned subsidiary of OUE Limited.
ECHM is a 60:40 joint venture between the Company and OUE Limited (via TI Echo).
ECHM was setup for purpose of the O2 Group Acquisition.
The loan is TI Echo s share of loan to ECHM based on TI Echo s shareholding in ECHM and is interest free.
Please see note 31(b) for details of the O2 Group Acquisition.
220 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 35.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONT D) Secondment agreement with shareholder of the Company, Browny Healthcare Pte.
Ltd. ( Browny ), a subsidiary of ITOCHU Corporation ( ITOCHU ) On 15 February 2018, the Company entered into a secondment agreement with the ITOCHU, pursuant to which the ITOCHU has the right to second up to three employees to the Company ( Secondment Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Secondment Agreement and related documentation, the Company is obliged to make remuneration-related payments either directly to the seconded employees and/or in the form of secondment fees payable to ITOCHU.
On 23 March 2021, the Company entered into a letter supplemental to the Secondment Agreement with the ITOCHU ( Supplemental Letter ).
Pursuant to the Supplemental Letter, the number of employees in relation to the secondment arrangement with the ITOCHU is reduced to two.
The total remuneration-related payments expected for 2023 is $697,000 (2022: $580,000).
36.
OPERATING SEGMENTS The Group s has the following four (2022: four) strategic divisions, which are its reportable segments.
These divisions offer different products and services and are managed separately because they require different technology and marketing strategies.
The Group s CEO reviews internal management reports of each division at least quarterly.
The following summary describes the operations in each of the Group s reportable segments: (i) Healthcare operations   Operation of hospitals, clinics and supply of medical equipment and pharmaceutical products.
The Group currently has operations in the PRC, Myanmar and Singapore.
Healthcare operation in Singapore was acquired through acquisition of subsidiaries in 2022 (note 31(b)).
(ii) Healthcare assets   Rental of investment properties and assets owned by the Group.
The Group currently has assets in PRC, Indonesia, Singapore and Japan.
Healthcare assets in Singapore and Indonesia were acquired through acquisition of a subsidiary in 2022 (note 31(a)).
(iii) Properties under development   Development of medical facilities, healthcare-related assets and integrated mixed- used projects.
The Group currently has development properties in PRC and Malaysia.
(iv) Investments   Investment in First Real Estate Investment Trust ( First REIT ) and First REIT Manager, FRML.
Effective from 1 March 2022, the Group s investment in First REIT was accounted for as a subsidiary of the Group after the First REIT transaction (note 31(a)) and reported under the Healthcare assets segment.
Others mainly comprise head office and corporate functions, including investment holding related activities.
The revenue from external parties reported to the Board of Directors is measured in a manner consistent with that in the statement of profit and loss.
Information regarding the results of each reportable segment is included below.
Performance is measured based on segment profit/(loss) before tax, as included in the internal management reports that are reviewed by the key management.
Segment profit/(loss) is used to measure performance as management believes that such information is the most relevant in evaluating the results of certain segments relative to other entities that operate within these industries.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 221 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 36.
OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONT D) Information about reportable segments Properties Healthcare Healthcare under operations assets development Investments Others Total $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Group 31 December 2023 Revenue External revenue 50,747 108,568       159,315 Inter-segment revenue         448 448 Segment revenue (including inter-segment revenue) 50,747 108,568     448 159,763 Segment profit/(loss) before tax 6,415 58,755 (4,603) 3,078 10,873 74,518 Depreciation (1,701) (59)     (395) (2,155) Interest expenses (851) (22,698) (128)   (2,869) (26,546) Interest income 26 507     168 701 Share of results of equity- accounted investees, net of tax (1,386)     3,078   1,692 Other material non-cash items Net fair value gains on investment properties   10,834       10,834 Fair value losses on investment properties under development     (948)     (948) Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment     (589)     (589) Net fair value losses of derivative financial instruments   (477)       (477) Trade and other receivables written off (434)       (21) (455) Trade and other payable written back         1,705 1,705 Reportable segment assets 160,774 1,191,142 48,943 34,765 12,476 1,448,100 Additions to: - Property, plant and equipment 2,755       884 3,639 - Investment properties   4,923       4,923 - Investment in equity-accounted investees 57,120         57,120 - Capital contribution in equity- accounted investees 2,904         2,904 Reportable segment liabilities 88,906 476,676 1,383   71,077 638,042 Current tax liabilities 3,569 Deferred tax liabilities 50,477 692,088 222 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 36.
OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONT D) Information about reportable segments (cont d) Properties Healthcare Healthcare under operations assets development Investments Others Total $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 $ 000 Group 31 December 2022 Revenue External revenue 21,731 98,065       119,796 Inter-segment revenue         1,097 1,097 Segment revenue (including inter- segment revenue) 21,731 98,065     1,097 120,893 Segment (loss)/profit before tax (4,322) 43,273 (3,504) 4,248 10,040 49,735 Depreciation (1,060) (55)     (381) (1,496) Interest expenses (94) (17,038) (326)   (1,813) (19,271) Interest income 1 223     232 456 Net gain from First REIT transaction   3,144       3,144 Loss on disposal of a subsidiary   (713)       (713) Share of results of equity- accounted investees, net of tax (5,721)     4,248   (1,473) Other material non-cash items Reversal of provision for site restoration     910     910 Net fair value losses on investment properties   (8,692)       (8,692) Fair value losses on investment properties under development     (1,429)     (1,429) Net fair value losses of derivative financial instruments   (420)       (420) Impairment losses on joint venture investment (5,000)         (5,000) Trade and other receivables written off         (127) (127) Reportable segment assets 101,986 1,203,224 53,162 31,313 12,901 1,402,586 Additions to: - Property, plant and equipment 2,644 26     514 3,184 - Investment properties   35,339       35,339 - Capital contribution in equity- accounted investees 4,901         4,901 Reportable segment liabilities 42,734 481,310 5,429   61,486 590,959 Current tax liabilities 1,832 Deferred tax liabilities 51,772 644,563 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 223 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 36.
OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONT D) Reconciliations of reportable segment revenue and profit before tax 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Revenue Total revenue for reportable segments 159,315 119,796 Revenue for other segment 448 1,097 Elimination of inter-segment revenue (448) (1,097) Consolidated total revenue 159,315 119,796 Profit or loss Total profit before tax for: - Reportable segments 63,645 39,695 - Other segment 10,873 10,040 Consolidated profit before tax 74,518 49,735 Reconciliations of reportable segment assets and liabilities 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Assets Total assets for reportable segments 1,435,624 1,389,685 Assets for other segments 12,476 12,901 Consolidated total assets 1,448,100 1,402,586 Liabilities Total liabilities for reportable segments 566,965 529,473 Liabilities for other segments 71,077 61,486 Other unallocated amounts - Current tax liabilities 3,569 1,832 - Deferred tax liabilities 50,477 51,772 Consolidated total liabilities 692,088 644,563 224 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 36.
OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONT D) Geographical information Revenue 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Japan 14,851 15,357 PRC 5,639 4,760 Singapore 49,336 20,514 Indonesia 89,489 79,165 159,315 119,796 Non-current assets * 2023 2022 $ 000 $ 000 Japan 258,713 287,355 Malaysia 36,634 38,976 PRC 47,139 53,814 Singapore 158,199 94,822 Myanmar 11,997 10,760 Indonesia 849,055 825,580 US 2,648 2,817 Sri Lanka 408 461 1,364,793 1,314,585 * Non-current assets relate to the carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill, investment properties, investment properties under development, associate and joint ventures, other investment, derivative financial instruments and trade and other receivables.
Major customer Revenues from top two (2022: two) customers of the Group s healthcare assets segment represents approximately $123,001,000 (2022: $75,209,000) of the Group s total revenues.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 225 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 37.
CHANGES IN OWNERSHIP INTEREST IN SUBSIDIARIES WITHOUT A CHANGE IN CONTROL (a) Divestment of Japan subsidiaries At completion of the First REIT transaction, the Group s effective shareholding interest in subsidiaries diluted from 100% to 33.1% without a change in control (note 31(a)).
Consideration received The following table summarises the fair value of considerations received: Note $ 000 Cash 14,512 Fair value of 17.8% increase in shareholding in First REIT 31(a) 86,514 Total consideration received 101,026 Fair value of increase in shareholding in First REIT The fair value of the First REIT units received was based on the fair value of 17.8% increase in the Group s direct interest in First REIT.
At 28 February 2022, the fair value of First REIT was based on its units in issue of 1,616 million shares, and the listed closing share price of $0.30 per share.
2022 $ 000 Carrying amount of Japan subsidiaries at 28 February 2022 157,994 Net balances with Japan subsidiaries transferred to First REIT (20,158) Net carrying value of Japan subsidiaries on disposal 137,836 Fair value of consideration received 101,023 66.9% of net carrying value in Japan subsidiaries (92,190) Increase in equity attributable to owners of the Company 8,833 226 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 37.
CHANGES IN OWNERSHIP INTEREST IN SUBSIDIARIES WITHOUT A CHANGE IN CONTROL (CONT D) (b) Dilution of First REIT On 17 February 2023, 28 April 2023, 7 August 2023 and 6 December 2023, First REIT issued new share units totalling 18,343,811.
Arising therefrom, the Group s interest in First REIT decreased from 32.9% to 32.6% as at 31 December 2023.
On 1 March 2022, the Group acquired 431,147,541 First REIT share for an aggregate consideration of $131,500,000.
The Group s direct stake in First REIT increased from 15.3% to 33.1%.
On 6 May 2022, 5 August 2022, 8 November 2022 and 22 December 2022, First REIT issued new share units totalling 11,102,642.
Arising therefrom, the Group s interest in First REIT decreased from 33.1% to 32.9% as at 31 December 2022.
The following summaries the effect of changes in the Group s ownership interest in First REIT: First REIT $ 000 2023 Increase in equity attributable to non-controlling interests 1,958 Decrease in equity attributable to owners of the Company (1,958) 2022 Increase in equity attributable to non-controlling interests 1,228 Decrease in equity attributable to owners of the Company (1,228) ANNUAL REPORT 2023 227 STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS As shown in the Company s Register of Substantial Shareholders As at 18 March 2024 DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDINGS SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS NO.
OF SHAREHOLDERS % NO.
OF SHARES % 1 - 99 673 15.05 30,029 0.00 100 - 1,000 1,007 22.51 490,411 0.01 1,001 - 10,000 1,616 36.13 7,057,719 0.16 10,001 - 1,000,000 1,116 24.95 128,235,335 2.89 1,000,001 AND ABOVE 61 1.36 4,307,315,712 96.94 TOTAL 4,473 100.00 4,443,129,206 100.00 As at 18 March 2024, the total number of issued Shares is 4,443,129,206.
The Company does not hold any treasury shares and there are no subsidiary holdings.
TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS NO.
NAME NO.
OF SHARES % 1 OCBC SECURITIES PRIVATE LIMITED 2,445,680,328 55.04 2 BROWNY HEALTHCARE PTE.
LTD.
858,412,248 19.32 3 CITIBANK NOMINEES SINGAPORE PTE LTD 688,887,752 15.50 4 GOI SENG HUI 40,713,200 0.92 5 THE ENTERPRISE FUND III LTD 36,427,800 0.82 6 PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD 30,541,558 0.69 7 DBS NOMINEES (PRIVATE) LIMITED 24,388,972 0.55 8 LIM CHAP HUAT 18,525,756 0.42 9 MORPH INVESTMENTS LTD 18,300,000 0.41 10 LIM WEE HAN 12,000,000 0.27 11 LEE CHIN HUAT 10,250,000 0.23 12 MAYBANK SECURITIES PTE.
LTD.
9,847,336 0.22 13 YEO KAY BENG 7,700,000 0.17 14 TAN ENG CHUA EDWIN 6,638,900 0.15 15 ZENG LIREN 6,150,000 0.14 16 RAFFLES NOMINEES (PTE.
) LIMITED 5,908,619 0.13 17 INDRAN S/O CHINNIAH 5,782,000 0.13 18 OH CHEE KEONG 4,112,700 0.09 19 TAN ENG HUAT 3,738,800 0.08 20 LAU HOI KOK 3,400,000 0.08 TOTAL 4,237,405,969 95.36 228 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS As shown in the Company s Register of Substantial Shareholders as at 18 March 2024 Number of Shares Direct Deemed Total Interest Interest(2) Interest %(1) Treasure International Holdings Pte.
Ltd. ( TIHPL ) 3,126,316,752   3,126,316,752 70.36 OUE Limited ( OUE )(3)   3,126,316,752 3,126,316,752 70.36 OUE Realty Pte.
Ltd. ( OUER )(4)   3,126,316,752 3,126,316,752 70.36 Golden Concord Asia Limited ( GCAL )(5)   3,126,316,752 3,126,316,752 70.36 Fortune Crane Limited ( FCL )(6)   3,126,316,752 3,126,316,752 70.36 Lippo ASM Asia Property Limited ( LAAPL )(7)   3,126,316,752 3,126,316,752 70.36 HKC Property Investment Holdings Limited ( HKC Property )(8)   3,126,316,752 3,126,316,752 70.36 Hongkong Chinese Limited ( HCL )(9)   3,126,316,752 3,126,316,752 70.36 Hennessy Holdings Limited ( Hennessy )(10)   3,126,316,752 3,126,316,752 70.36 Lippo Limited ( LL )(11)   3,126,316,752 3,126,316,752 70.36 Lippo Capital Limited ( LCL )(12)   3,126,316,752 3,126,316,752 70.36 Lippo Capital Holdings Company Limited ( LCH )(13)   3,126,316,752 3,126,316,752 70.36 Lippo Capital Group Limited ( LCG )(14)   3,126,316,752 3,126,316,752 70.36 PT Trijaya Utama Mandiri ( PT Trijaya )(15)   3,126,316,752 3,126,316,752 70.36 Admiralty Station Management Limited ( Admiralty )(16)   3,126,316,752 3,126,316,752 70.36 Argyle Street Management Limited ( ASML )(17)   3,126,316,752 3,126,316,752 70.36 Argyle Street Management Holdings Limited ( ASMHL )(18)   3,126,316,752 3,126,316,752 70.36 Mr. James Tjahaja Riady(19)   3,126,316,752 3,126,316,752 70.36 Dr. Stephen Riady(20)   3,126,316,752 3,126,316,752 70.36 Mr. Kin Chan(21)   3,126,316,752 3,126,316,752 70.36 Mr. V-Nee Yeh(22)   3,126,316,752 3,126,316,752 70.36 Browny Healthcare Pte Ltd ( BHPL ) 858,412,248   858,412,248 19.32 ITOCHU Singapore Pte Ltd ( ITOCHU SG )(23)   858,412,248 858,412,248 19.32 ITOCHU Corporation ( ITOCHU Corp )(24)   858,412,248 858,412,248 19.32 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 229 SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS As shown in the Company s Register of Substantial Shareholders as at 18 March 2024 Notes: (1) Based on the total number of 4,443,129,206 issued Shares as at 18 March 2024.
(2) Deemed interests refer to interests determined pursuant to Section 4 of the SFA.
(3) OUE is deemed to have an interest in the Shares held by TIHPL.
TIHPL is a wholly-owned subsidiary of OUE.
(4) OUER is deemed to have an interest in the Shares in which its subsidiary, OUE, has a deemed interest.
(5) GCAL is deemed to have an interest in the Shares in which its subsidiary, OUER, has a deemed interest.
(6) FCL is deemed to have an interest in the Shares in which its subsidiary, GCAL, has a deemed interest.
(7) LAAPL is deemed to have an interest in the Shares in which its subsidiary, FCL, has a deemed interest.
(8) LAAPL is jointly held by HKC Property and Admiralty.
Accordingly, HKC Property is deemed to have an interest in the Shares in which LAAPL has a deemed interest.
(9) HCL is the immediate holding company of HKC Property.
Accordingly, HCL is deemed to have an interest in the Shares in which HKC Property has a deemed interest.
(10) Hennessy is an intermediate holding company of HKC Property.
Accordingly, Hennessy is deemed to have an interest in the Shares in which HKC Property has a deemed interest.
(11) LL is an intermediate holding company of HKC Property.
Accordingly, LL is deemed to have an interest in the Shares in which HKC Property has a deemed interest.
(12) LCL is an intermediate holding company of HKC Property.
Accordingly, LCL is deemed to have an interest in the Shares in which HKC Property has a deemed interest.
(13) LCH is an intermediate holding company of HKC Property.
Accordingly, LCH is deemed to have an interest in the Shares in which HKC Property has a deemed interest.
(14) LCG is the holding company of LCH, which in turn is an intermediate holding company of HKC Property.
Accordingly, LCG is deemed to have an interest in the Shares in which HKC Property has a deemed interest.
(15) PT Trijaya holds more than 20% of the shares in LCL, which in turn is an intermediate holding company of HKC Property.
Accordingly, PT Trijaya is deemed to have an interest in the Shares in which HKC Property has a deemed interest.
(16) LAAPL is jointly held by Admiralty and HKC Property.
Accordingly, Admiralty is deemed to have an interest in the Shares in which LAAPL has a deemed interest.
(17) ASML owns 100% of the voting shares in the capital of Admiralty.
Accordingly, ASML is deemed to have an interest in the Shares in which Admiralty has a deemed interest.
(18) ASMHL is the immediate holding company of ASML.
Accordingly, ASMHL is deemed to have an interest in the Shares in which ASML has a deemed interest.
(19) Mr. James Tjahaja Riady effectively holds all the shares in PT Trijaya, which holds more than 20% of the shares in LCL.
LCL in turn is an intermediate holding company of HKC Property.
Accordingly, Mr. James Tjahaja Riady is deemed to have an interest in the Shares in which HKC Property has a deemed interest.
(20) Dr. Stephen Riady holds the entire issued share capital of LCG, which is the holding company of LCH.
LCH in turn is an intermediate holding company of HKC Property.
Accordingly, Dr. Stephen Riady is deemed to have an interest in the Shares in which HKC Property has a deemed interest.
Dr. Stephen Riady is the Executive Chairman of OUE.
Dr. Stephen Riady is also the chairman of LL and HCL, both of which have a deemed interest in the Shares.
(21) Mr. Kin Chan is the beneficial holder of more than 20% of the issued share capital of ASMHL.
Accordingly, Mr. Kin Chan is deemed to have an interest in the Shares in which ASMHL has a deemed interest.
(22) Mr. V-Nee Yeh is the beneficial holder of more than 20% of the issued share capital of ASMHL.
Accordingly, Mr. V-Nee Yeh is deemed to have an interest in the Shares in which ASMHL has a deemed interest.
(23) ITOCHU SG is deemed to have an interest in the Shares held by BHPL.
ITOCHU SG holds 60% of the issued share capital of BHPL.
(24) ITOCHU Corp is deemed to have an interest in the Shares in which its subsidiary, ITOCHU SG, has a deemed interest.
ITOCHU Corp also holds 40% of the issued share capital of BHPL.
230 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED PUBLIC FLOAT Rule 723 of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the  SGX-ST ) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (the  Catalist Rules ) requires that at least 10.0% of the total number of issued shares (excluding preference shares, convertible equity securities and treasury shares) in a class that is listed ( Shares ) is at all times held by the public.
The Company has complied with this requirement.
As at 18 March 2024, approximately 10.32% of its Shares are held in the hands of the public.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 231 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT Please see below for information of Mr. Lee Yi Shyan who is seeking re-appointment as Director at the 2024 Annual General Meeting as set out in Appendix 7F of the Catalist Rules.
Additional information can also be found under his profile within the section entitled  Board of Directors  of the Annual Report.
Name of the person Mr. Lee Yi Shyan Country of Principal Residence Singapore The Board s comments on this appointment (including rationale, The re-election of Mr. Lee Yi Shyan as a Non-Independent selection criteria, board diversity considerations, and the search and and Non-Executive Director of the Company was nomination process), whether appointment is executive and if so, the recommended by the Nominating and Remuneration area of responsibility Committee ( NRC ) and the Board has accepted the recommendation, after taking into consideration all factors such as his independence, qualifications, expertise, past experiences, multiple directorships, principal commitments and overall contribution since he was appointed as a Director of the Company.
Mr. Lee Yi Shyan will, upon re-election, continue to also serve as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and a member of the NRC of the Company.
Details on date of appointment and last re-appointment (if Please refer to page 15 of the Annual Report.
applicable), job title, professional qualification, working experience and occupation(s) during the past 10 years Any relationship (including immediate family relationships) with Mr. Lee Yi Shyan currently holds the position of any existing director, existing executive officer, the Company Executive Adviser, Chairman s office, OUE Limited.
OUE and/or substantial shareholder of the Company or of any of its Limited is a substantial shareholder of the Company.
principal subsidiaries Conflict of interest (including any competing business) Nil Undertaking submitted to the Company in the form of Appendix 7H Yes (Catalist Rule 720(1)) Shareholding interest in the Company and its subsidiaries?
Nil 232 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT Information required pursuant to Catalist Rules 704(6) and/or 704(7) Name of the person Mr. Lee Yi Shyan Present Directorship(s)/Principal Commitments 1.
OUE Healthcare Limited 2.
OUE REIT Management Pte.
Ltd. (the Manager of OUE Real Estate Investment Trust) 3.
OUE Hospitality Trust Management Pte.
Ltd. 4.
Business China 5.
ICE Singapore Holdings Pte.
Ltd. 6.
ICE Futures Singapore Pte.
Ltd. 7.
ICE Clear Singapore Pte.
Ltd. 8.
Substantial Enterprises Limited 9.
Vysion Star Pte.
Ltd. 10.
Keppel Group Eco-City Investments Pte.
Ltd. 11.
Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-city Investment and Development Co., Ltd. 12.
Singapore Tianjin Eco-city Investment Holdings Pte.
Ltd. 13.
SPH Media Holdings Pte.
Ltd. Advisor of: 14.
OUE Limited 15.
Keppel Corporation Limited Past Directorship(s)/ Principal Commitment held over the preceding OUE Hospitality REIT Management Pte.
Ltd. (dissolved five years (1 January 2019 to 31 December 2023) through a member s voluntary winding up) (a) Whether at any time during the last 10 years, an application or No a petition under any bankruptcy law of any jurisdiction was filed against him or against a partnership of which he was a partner at the time when he was a partner or at any time within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a partner?
(b) Whether at any time during the last 10 years, an application or No a petition under any law of any jurisdiction was filed against an entity (not being a partnership) of which he was a director or an equivalent person or a key executive, at the time when he was a director or an equivalent person or a key executive of that entity or at any time within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a director or an equivalent person or a key executive of that entity, for the winding up or dissolution of that entity or, where that entity is the trustee of a business trust, that business trust, on the ground of insolvency?
(c) Whether there is any unsatisfied judgment against him?
No (d) Whether he has ever been convicted of any offence, in Singapore No or elsewhere, involving fraud or dishonesty which is punishable with imprisonment, or has been the subject of any criminal proceedings (including any pending criminal proceedings of which he is aware) for such purpose?
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 233 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT Information required pursuant to Catalist Rules 704(6) and/or 704(7) Name of the Person Mr. Lee Yi Shyan (e) Whether he has ever been convicted of any offence, in Singapore or No elsewhere, involving a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in Singapore or elsewhere, or has been the subject of any criminal proceedings (including any pending criminal proceedings of which he is aware) for such breach?
(f) Whether at any time during the last 10 years, judgment has been No entered against him in any civil proceedings in Singapore or elsewhere involving a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in Singapore or elsewhere, or a finding of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part, or he has been the subject of any civil proceedings (including any pending civil proceedings of which he is aware) involving an allegation of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part?
(g) Whether he has ever been convicted in Singapore or elsewhere of No any offence in connection with the formation or management of any entity or business trust?
(h) Whether he has ever been disqualified from acting as a director No or an equivalent person of any entity (including the trustee of a business trust), or from taking part directly or indirectly in the management of any entity or business trust?
(i) Whether he has ever been the subject of any order, judgment or No ruling of any court, tribunal or governmental body, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from engaging in any type of business practice or activity?
(j) Whether he has ever, to his knowledge, been concerned with the No management or conduct, in Singapore or elsewhere, of the affairs of:  (i) any corporation which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing corporations in Singapore or elsewhere; or (ii) any entity (not being a corporation) which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing such entities in Singapore or elsewhere; or (iii) any business trust which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing business trusts in Singapore or elsewhere; or (iv) any entity or business trust which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in Singapore or elsewhere, in connection with any matter occurring or arising during that period when he was so concerned with the entity or business trust?
234 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT Information required pursuant to Catalist Rules 704(6) and/or 704(7) Name of the person Mr. Lee Yi Shyan (k) Whether he has been the subject of any current or past investigation No or disciplinary proceedings, or has been reprimanded or issued any warning, by the Monetary Authority of Singapore or any other regulatory authority, exchange, professional body or government agency, whether in Singapore or elsewhere?
Any prior experience as a director of an issuer listed on the SGX-ST?
Mr. Lee Yi Shyan was previously the Chairman and If yes, please provide details of prior experience.
If no, please state Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director of OUE if the director as attended or will be attending training on the roles Hospitality REIT Management Pte.
Ltd. (the Manager and responsibilities of a director of a listed issuer as prescribed by of OUE Hospitality Real Estate Investment Trust ( OUE the SGX-ST.
Please provide details of relevant experience and the H-REIT )).
nominating committee s reasons for not requiring the director to undergo training as prescribed by the SGX-ST (if applicable) He is currently the Chairman and Non-Independent Non-Executive Director of OUE Hospitality Trust Management Pte.
Ltd. (the Trustee-Manager of OUE Hospitality Business Trust ( OUE H-BT )).
OUE Hospitality Trust, which comprised OUE H-REIT and OUE H-BT, was delisted from the SGX-ST.
Mr. Lee Yi Shyan is currently the Chairman and Non- Independent Non-Executive Director of OUE REIT Management Pte.
Ltd. (the Manager of OUE Real Estate Investment Trust (formerly known as OUE Commercial Real Estate Investment Trust)) that is currently listed on the SGX-ST.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 235 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT Please see below for information of Mr. Takeshi Seo who is seeking re-appointment as Director at the 2024 Annual General Meeting as set out in Appendix 7F of the Catalist Rules.
Name of the person Mr. Takeshi Seo Country of Principal Residence Singapore The Board s comments on this appointment (including rationale, The re-election of Mr. Takeshi Seo as a Non-Independent selection criteria, board diversity considerations, and the search and and Non-Executive Director of the Company was nomination process), whether appointment is executive and if so, the recommended by the Nominating and Remuneration area of responsibility Committee ( NRC ) and the Board has accepted the recommendation, after taking into consideration all factors such as his independence, qualifications, expertise, past experiences and multiple directorships, principal commitments.
Mr. Seo will, upon re-election, continue to also serve as a member of the NRC of the Company.
Details on date of appointment and last re-appointment (if Mr. Seo will be appointed to the Board of Directors with applicable), job title, professional qualification, working experience effect from effective 9 April 2024.
He holds a Bachelor and occupation(s) during the past 10 years of Naval Architecture from Osaka University, Japan.
During the past 10 years, Mr. Takeshi Seo has held the following positions: April 2024 - Current Chief Strategic Officer of Asia and Oceania Bloc, ITOCHU Corporation Vice President of ITOCHU Singapore Pte.
Ltd. April 2022 - April 2024 Group Chief Operating Officer of Machinery Group, Asia and Oceania Bloc, ITOCHU Corporation April 2021 - April 2022 Deputy General Manager, Marine Department, ITOCHU Corporation April 2019 - April 2021 Manager, Marine Section No.
1, Marine Department, ITOCHU Corporation May 2016 - April 2019 Director, ITOCHU Brasil S.A. Rio de Janeiro Branch, Brazil October 2009 - May 2016 Deputy Manager, Marine Section No.
3, Marine Department, ITOCHU Corporation 236 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT Information required pursuant to Catalist Rules 704(6) and/or 704(7) Name of the Person Mr. Takeshi Seo Any relationship (including immediate family relationships) with Nil any existing director, existing executive officer, the Company and/ or substantial shareholder of the Company or of any of its principal subsidiaries Conflict of interest (including any competing business) Nil Undertaking submitted to the Company in the form of Appendix 7H Yes (Catalist Rule 720(1)) Shareholding interest in the Company and its subsidiaries?
Nil Present Directorship(s)/Principal Commitments 1.
OUE Healthcare Limited 2.
I-Renewable Energy Asia (Thailand) Pte Ltd 3.
I-Renewable Energy Asia (Vietnam) Pte Ltd Past Directorship(s)/ Principal Commitment held over the preceding 1.
Lavender Maritime S.A. five years (1 January 2019 to 31 December 2023) 2.
Grand Falcon Maritime S.A. 3.
Grand Future Maritime S.A. 4.
Laurel World Maritime S.A. 5.
Civic World Maritime S.A. 6.
Indigo Lightning Maritime S.A. 7.
Sunrise Nautical S.A. 8.
Sunshine Nautical S.A. 9.
AI Shipping Ltd 10.
Bogazici Navigation S.A. 11.
Handbell Shipping S.A. 12.
Arist Maritime S.A. 13.
Indigo Marine Shipping S.A. 14.
Blue Navigation S.A. 15.
Grand Eagle Maritime S.A. 16.
Blue Orchid Maritime S.A. 17.
Hermes World Maritime S.A. 18.
Bluejay Maritime S.A. 19.
Cleveland Shipmanagement S.A. 20.
Peony Shipholding S.A. 21.
Edelweiss Shipholding S.A. 22.
Prelude Shipholding S.A. 23.
Bonito Marine S.A. 24.
A.N.G. Gas Transport Co., Ltd. 25.
Mediterranean Sea Gas Transport Co., Ltd. (a) Whether at any time during the last 10 years, an application or No a petition under any bankruptcy law of any jurisdiction was filed against him or against a partnership of which he was a partner at the time when he was a partner or at any time within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a partner?
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 237 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT Information required pursuant to Catalist Rules 704(6) and/or 704(7) Name of the Person Mr. Takeshi Seo (b) Whether at any time during the last 10 years, an application or No a petition under any law of any jurisdiction was filed against an entity (not being a partnership) of which he was a director or an equivalent person or a key executive, at the time when he was a director or an equivalent person or a key executive of that entity or at any time within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a director or an equivalent person or a key executive of that entity, for the winding up or dissolution of that entity or, where that entity is the trustee of a business trust, that business trust, on the ground of insolvency?
(c) Whether there is any unsatisfied judgment against him?
No (d) Whether he has ever been convicted of any offence, in Singapore No or elsewhere, involving fraud or dishonesty which is punishable with imprisonment, or has been the subject of any criminal proceedings (including any pending criminal proceedings of which he is aware) for such purpose?
(e) Whether he has ever been convicted of any offence, in Singapore or No elsewhere, involving a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in Singapore or elsewhere, or has been the subject of any criminal proceedings (including any pending criminal proceedings of which he is aware) for such breach?
(f) Whether at any time during the last 10 years, judgment has been No entered against him in any civil proceedings in Singapore or elsewhere involving a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in Singapore or elsewhere, or a finding of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part, or he has been the subject of any civil proceedings (including any pending civil proceedings of which he is aware) involving an allegation of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part?
(g) Whether he has ever been convicted in Singapore or elsewhere of No any offence in connection with the formation or management of any entity or business trust?
(h) Whether he has ever been disqualified from acting as a director No or an equivalent person of any entity (including the trustee of a business trust), or from taking part directly or indirectly in the management of any entity or business trust?
(i) Whether he has ever been the subject of any order, judgment or No ruling of any court, tribunal or governmental body, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from engaging in any type of business practice or activity?
238 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT Information required pursuant to Catalist Rules 704(6) and/or 704(7) Name of the Person Mr. Takeshi Seo (j) Whether he has ever, to his knowledge, been concerned with the No management or conduct, in Singapore or elsewhere, of the affairs of:  (i) any corporation which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing corporations in Singapore or elsewhere; or (ii) any entity (not being a corporation) which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing such entities in Singapore or elsewhere; or (iii) any business trust which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing business trusts in Singapore or elsewhere; or (iv) any entity or business trust which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in Singapore or elsewhere, in connection with any matter occurring or arising during that period when he was so concerned with the entity or business trust?
(k) Whether he has been the subject of any current or past investigation No or disciplinary proceedings, or has been reprimanded or issued any warning, by the Monetary Authority of Singapore or any other regulatory authority, exchange, professional body or government agency, whether in Singapore or elsewhere?
Any prior experience as a director of an issuer listed on the SGX-ST?
Mr. Takeshi Seo has been briefed on his role and If yes, please provide details of prior experience.
If no, please state responsibilities as a director of a listed company if the director as attended or will be attending training on the roles in Singapore and will undergo the training courses and responsibilities of a director of a listed issuer as prescribed by prescribed by the SGX-ST in connection with his duties the SGX-ST.
Please provide details of relevant experience and the as a Director and a member of the NRC within a year nominating committee s reasons for not requiring the director to from his appointment to the Board.
undergo training as prescribed by the SGX-ST (if applicable) ANNUAL REPORT 2023 239 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT Please see below for information of Mr. Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman who is seeking re-appointment as Director at the 2024 Annual General Meeting as set out in Appendix 7F of the Catalist Rules.
Additional information can also be found under his profile within the section entitled  Board of Directors  of the Annual Report.
Name of the person Mr. Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman Country of Principal Residence Singapore The Board s comments on this appointment (including rationale, The re-election of Mr. Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman selection criteria, board diversity considerations, and the search and as a Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director of the nomination process), whether appointment is executive and if so, the Company was recommended by the Nominating and area of responsibility Remuneration Committee and the Board has accepted the recommendation, after taking into consideration all factors such as his independence, qualifications, expertise, past experiences, multiple directorships, principal commitments and overall contribution since he was appointed as a Director of the Company.
Details on date of appointment and last re-appointment (if Please refer to page 16 of the Annual Report.
applicable), job title, professional qualification, working experience and occupation(s) during the past 10 years Any relationship (including immediate family relationships) with Son-in-law of Dr. Stephen Riady, who is deemed to hold any existing director, existing executive officer, the Company and/ a controlling interest in the Company.
or substantial shareholder of the Company or of any of its principal subsidiaries Conflict of interest (including any competing business) Mr. Abram holds 68,918,900 shares (representing 1.52% interest) in Healthway Medical Corporation Limited ( HMC ) which is in the business of Singapore healthcare services.
Mr. Abram is also a director of HMC.
As at the date of this Annual Report, the Company, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, holds 1,189,993,563 shares (representing 26.24% interest) in HMC.
Undertaking submitted to the Company in the form of Appendix 7H Yes (Catalist Rule 720(1)) Shareholding interest in the Company and its subsidiaries?
Nil 240 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT Information required pursuant to Catalist Rules 704(6) and/or 704(7) Name of the person Mr. Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman Present Directorship(s)/Principal Commitments 1.
OUE Healthcare Limited 2.
IPP Financial Advisers Pte Ltd 3.
HSC Health Pte Ltd 4.
Amazing Speech Therapy Director Pte Ltd 5.
Acension Therapy Grp Pte Ltd 6.
Headstart For Life Pte Ltd 7.
Ten Surgery Group Pte Ltd 8.
Telehope Speech Therapy Pte Ltd 9.
IPP Financial Services Holdings Ltd 10.
Straits Podiatry Pte Ltd 11.
The Clinic @ HF Pte Ltd 12.
The Clinic @ Marina One Pte Ltd 13.
The Clinic @ Business City Pte Ltd 14.
The Clinic @ Tai Seng Pte Ltd 15.
The Clinic @ Aperia Pte Ltd 16.
The Clinic @ Capitagreen Ltd 17.
The Clinic @ One George Street Pte Ltd 18.
The Clinic @ Campus Pte Ltd 19.
The Clinic @ Fusionopolis Pte Ltd 20.
EBH Capital Pte Ltd 21.
Moolahgo Pte Ltd 22.
TIH Limited 23.
Healthway Medical Corporation Limited 24.
City Ocean Group Limited Past Directorship(s)/ Principal Commitment held over the preceding 1.
Amazing Early Intervention Pte Ltd five years (1 January 2019 to 31 December 2023) 2.
Nuvest Real Return Fund ANNUAL REPORT 2023 241 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT Information required pursuant to Catalist Rules 704(6) and/or 704(7) Name of the Person Mr. Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman (a) Whether at any time during the last 10 years, an application No or a petition under any bankruptcy law of any jurisdiction was filed against him or against a partnership of which he was a partner at the time when he was a partner or at any time within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a partner?
(b) Whether at any time during the last 10 years, an application No or a petition under any law of any jurisdiction was filed against an entity (not being a partnership) of which he was a director or an equivalent person or a key executive, at the time when he was a director or an equivalent person or a key executive of that entity or at any time within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a director or an equivalent person or a key executive of that entity, for the winding up or dissolution of that entity or, where that entity is the trustee of a business trust, that business trust, on the ground of insolvency?
(c) Whether there is any unsatisfied judgment against him?
No (d) Whether he has ever been convicted of any offence, in No Singapore or elsewhere, involving fraud or dishonesty which is punishable with imprisonment, or has been the subject of any criminal proceedings (including any pending criminal proceedings of which he is aware) for such purpose?
(e) Whether he has ever been convicted of any offence, in No Singapore or elsewhere, involving a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in Singapore or elsewhere, or has been the subject of any criminal proceedings (including any pending criminal proceedings of which he is aware) for such breach?
(f) Whether at any time during the last 10 years, judgment No has been entered against him in any civil proceedings in Singapore or elsewhere involving a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in Singapore or elsewhere, or a finding of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part, or he has been the subject of any civil proceedings (including any pending civil proceedings of which he is aware) involving an allegation of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part?
(g) Whether he has ever been convicted in Singapore or No elsewhere of any offence in connection with the formation or management of any entity or business trust?
242 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT Information required pursuant to Catalist Rules 704(6) and/or 704(7) Name of the Person Mr. Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman (h) Whether he has ever been disqualified from acting as a No director or an equivalent person of any entity (including the trustee of a business trust), or from taking part directly or indirectly in the management of any entity or business trust?
(i) Whether he has ever been the subject of any order, judgment No or ruling of any court, tribunal or governmental body, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from engaging in any type of business practice or activity?
(j) Whether he has ever, to his knowledge, been concerned with Mr. Abram has been an Executive Director of Healthway the management or conduct, in Singapore or elsewhere, of the Medical Corporation Limited ( HMC ) since 26 April affairs of:  2019.
(i) any corporation which has been investigated for a breach of HMC had received enquiries and communicated with any law or regulatory requirement governing corporations the Singapore Exchange Regulation Pte.
Ltd. in relation in Singapore or elsewhere; or to its obligations under Catalist Rule 703(4)(a) read with paragraph 27(a) of the Corporate Disclosure (ii) any entity (not being a corporation) which has been Policy.
This arose from certain additional disclosures investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory and information in HMC s annual report for the requirement governing such entities in Singapore or financial year ended 31 December 2019 ( AR 2019 ) elsewhere; or pertaining to the re-election of Mr. Sin Boon Ann and the appointment of Ms. Poh Mui Hoon.
(iii) any business trust which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing business The AR 2019 had been announced on the SGXNet on trusts in Singapore or elsewhere; or 15 April 2020 and the aforesaid additional disclosures were subsequently announced by way of a corrigendum (iv) any entity or business trust which has been investigated for to the AR 2019 announced on the SGXNet on 22 June a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to 2020.
the securities or futures industry in Singapore or elsewhere, in connection with any matter occurring or arising during that period when he was so concerned with the entity or business trust?
(k) Whether he has been the subject of any current or past No investigation or disciplinary proceedings, or has been reprimanded or issued any warning, by the Monetary Authority of Singapore or any other regulatory authority, exchange, professional body or government agency, whether in Singapore or elsewhere?
Any prior experience as a director of an issuer listed on the SGX-ST?
Mr. Abram was appointed as an Executive Director of If yes, please provide details of prior experience.
If no, please state if HMC in 2019, a company listed on the Catalist Board the director as attended or will be attending training on the roles and of the SGX-ST until 8 November 2023, in 2019.
He responsibilities of a director of a listed issuer as prescribed by the SGX- was re-designated as HMC s Deputy Chief Executive ST.
Please provide details of relevant experience and the nominating Officer in 2020 and re-designated as HMC s Executive committee s reasons for not requiring the director to undergo training Vice Chairman in 2023.
He has also been an Alternate as prescribed by the SGX-ST (if applicable) Director on the Board of TIH Limited since 2020, a company listed on the Main Board of SGX-ST.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 243 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT Please see below for information of Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin who is seeking re-appointment as Director at the 2024 Annual General Meeting as set out in Appendix 7F of the Catalist Rules.
Additional information can also be found under his profile within the section entitled  Board of Directors  of the Annual Report.
Name of the person Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin Country of Principal Residence Malaysia The Board s comments on this appointment (including rationale, The re-election of Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin as an selection criteria, board diversity considerations, and the search and Independent and Non-Executive Director of the nomination process), whether appointment is executive and if so, the Company was recommended by the Nominating and area of responsibility Remuneration Committee ( NRC ) and the Board has accepted the recommendation, after taking into consideration all factors such as his independence, qualifications, expertise, past experiences, multiple directorships, principal commitments and overall contribution since he was appointed as a Director of the Company.
Mr. Sho will, upon re-election, continue to also serve as the Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee and a member of the NRC of the Company.
Mr. Sho is considered independent for the purpose of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules.
Details on date of appointment and last re-appointment (if Please refer to page 17 of the Annual Report.
applicable), job title, professional qualification, working experience and occupation(s) during the past 10 years Any relationship (including immediate family relationships) with Nil any existing director, existing executive officer, the Company and/ or substantial shareholder of the Company or of any of its principal subsidiaries Conflict of interest (including any competing business) Nil Undertaking submitted to the Company in the form of Appendix 7H Yes (Catalist Rule 720(1)) Shareholding interest in the Company and its subsidiaries?
Nil Present Directorship(s)/Principal Commitments 1.
OUE Healthcare Limited 2.
Choo Chiang Holdings Ltd 3.
Quantum Healthcare Limited 4.
China Farm Equipment Pte.
Ltd. 5.
Hartanah Kencana Sdn.
Bhd.
Past Directorship(s)/ Principal Commitment held over the preceding 1.
QT Vascular Ltd five years (1 January 2019 to 31 December 2023) 2.
Sim Leisure Group Ltd 3.
Versalink Holdings Limited 244 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT Information required pursuant to Catalist Rules 704(6) and/or 704(7) Name of the Person Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin (a) Whether at any time during the last 10 years, an application or No a petition under any bankruptcy law of any jurisdiction was filed against him or against a partnership of which he was a partner at the time when he was a partner or at any time within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a partner?
(b) Whether at any time during the last 10 years, an application or No a petition under any law of any jurisdiction was filed against an entity (not being a partnership) of which he was a director or an equivalent person or a key executive, at the time when he was a director or an equivalent person or a key executive of that entity or at any time within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a director or an equivalent person or a key executive of that entity, for the winding up or dissolution of that entity or, where that entity is the trustee of a business trust, that business trust, on the ground of insolvency?
(c) Whether there is any unsatisfied judgment against him?
No (d) Whether he has ever been convicted of any offence, in Singapore No or elsewhere, involving fraud or dishonesty which is punishable with imprisonment, or has been the subject of any criminal proceedings (including any pending criminal proceedings of which he is aware) for such purpose?
(e) Whether he has ever been convicted of any offence, in Singapore or No elsewhere, involving a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in Singapore or elsewhere, or has been the subject of any criminal proceedings (including any pending criminal proceedings of which he is aware) for such breach?
(f) Whether at any time during the last 10 years, judgment has been No entered against him in any civil proceedings in Singapore or elsewhere involving a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in Singapore or elsewhere, or a finding of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part, or he has been the subject of any civil proceedings (including any pending civil proceedings of which he is aware) involving an allegation of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part?
(g) Whether he has ever been convicted in Singapore or elsewhere of No any offence in connection with the formation or management of any entity or business trust?
(h) Whether he has ever been disqualified from acting as a director No or an equivalent person of any entity (including the trustee of a business trust), or from taking part directly or indirectly in the management of any entity or business trust?
(i) Whether he has ever been the subject of any order, judgment or No ruling of any court, tribunal or governmental body, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from engaging in any type of business practice or activity?
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 245 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT Information required pursuant to Catalist Rules 704(6) and/or 704(7) Name of the Person Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin (j) Whether he has ever, to his knowledge, been concerned with the No management or conduct, in Singapore or elsewhere, of the affairs of:  (i) any corporation which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing corporations in Singapore or elsewhere; or (ii) any entity (not being a corporation) which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing such entities in Singapore or elsewhere; or (iii) any business trust which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing business trusts in Singapore or elsewhere; or (iv) any entity or business trust which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in Singapore or elsewhere, in connection with any matter occurring or arising during that period when he was so concerned with the entity or business trust?
(k) Whether he has been the subject of any current or past investigation No or disciplinary proceedings, or has been reprimanded or issued any warning, by the Monetary Authority of Singapore or any other regulatory authority, exchange, professional body or government agency, whether in Singapore or elsewhere?
Any prior experience as a director of an issuer listed on the SGX-ST?
Mr. Sho is currently an Independent Director, the If yes, please provide details of prior experience.
If no, please state Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of if the director as attended or will be attending training on the roles both the Nominating Committee and Remuneration and responsibilities of a director of a listed issuer as prescribed by Committee of Choo Chiang Holdings Ltd. (listed on the the SGX-ST.
Please provide details of relevant experience and the Catalist Board of the SGX-ST).
nominating committee s reasons for not requiring the director to undergo training as prescribed by the SGX-ST (if applicable) In addition, Mr. Sho is currently the Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee of Quantum Healthcare Limited (listed on the Catalist Board of the SGX-ST).
246 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT Please see below for information of Ms. Usha Ranee Chandradas who is seeking re-appointment as Director at the 2024 Annual General Meeting as set out in Appendix 7F of the Catalist Rules.
Additional information can also be found under her profile within the section entitled  Board of Directors  of the Annual Report.
Name of the person Ms. Usha Ranee Chandradas Country of Principal Residence Singapore The Board s comments on this appointment (including rationale, The re-election of Ms. Usha Ranee Chandradas as selection criteria, board diversity considerations, and the search and an Independent and Non-Executive Director of the nomination process), whether appointment is executive and if so, the Company was recommended by the Nominating and area of responsibility Remuneration Committee ( NRC ) and the Board has accepted the recommendation, after taking into consideration all factors such as her independence, qualifications, expertise, past experiences, multiple directorships, principal commitments and overall contribution since she was appointed as a Director of the Company.
Ms. Usha will, upon re-election, continue to also serve as the member of Audit and Risk Committee of the Company.
Ms. Usha is considered independent for the purpose of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules.
Details on date of appointment and last re-appointment (if Please refer to page 18 of the Annual Report.
applicable), job title, professional qualification, working experience and occupation(s) during the past 10 years Any relationship (including immediate family relationships) with Nil any existing director, existing executive officer, the Company and/ or substantial shareholder of the Company or of any of its principal subsidiaries Conflict of interest (including any competing business) Nil Undertaking submitted to the Company in the form of Appendix 7H Yes (Catalist Rule 720(1)) Shareholding interest in the Company and its subsidiaries?
Nil Present Directorship(s)/Principal Commitments 1.
OUE Healthcare Limited 2.
OUE REIT Management Pte.
Ltd. (the Manager of OUE Real Estate Investment Trust, formerly known as OUE Commercial Real Estate Investment Trust) 3.
NUR Investment and Trading Pte.
Ltd. 4.
OUE Hospitality Trust Management Pte.
Ltd. 5.
Partner of (Plu)ral Art LLP Past Directorship(s)/ Principal Commitment held over the preceding Nil five years (1 January 2019 to 31 December 2023) ANNUAL REPORT 2023 247 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT Information required pursuant to Catalist Rules 704(6) and/or 704(7) Name of the Person Ms. Usha Ranee Chandradas (a) Whether at any time during the last 10 years, an application or No a petition under any bankruptcy law of any jurisdiction was filed against her or against a partnership of which she was a partner at the time when she was a partner or at any time within 2 years from the date she ceased to be a partner?
(b) Whether at any time during the last 10 years, an application or No a petition under any law of any jurisdiction was filed against an entity (not being a partnership) of which she was a director or an equivalent person or a key executive, at the time when she was a director or an equivalent person or a key executive of that entity or at any time within 2 years from the date she ceased to be a director or an equivalent person or a key executive of that entity, for the winding up or dissolution of that entity or, where that entity is the trustee of a business trust, that business trust, on the ground of insolvency?
(c) Whether there is any unsatisfied judgment against her?
No (d) Whether she has ever been convicted of any offence, in Singapore No or elsewhere, involving fraud or dishonesty which is punishable with imprisonment, or has been the subject of any criminal proceedings (including any pending criminal proceedings of which she is aware) for such purpose?
(e) Whether she has ever been convicted of any offence, in Singapore No or elsewhere, involving a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in Singapore or elsewhere, or has been the subject of any criminal proceedings (including any pending criminal proceedings of which she is aware) for such breach?
(f) Whether at any time during the last 10 years, judgment has been No entered against her in any civil proceedings in Singapore or elsewhere involving a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in Singapore or elsewhere, or a finding of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty on her part, or she has been the subject of any civil proceedings (including any pending civil proceedings of which she is aware) involving an allegation of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty on her part?
(g) Whether she has ever been convicted in Singapore or elsewhere of No any offence in connection with the formation or management of any entity or business trust?
(h) Whether she has ever been disqualified from acting as a director No or an equivalent person of any entity (including the trustee of a business trust), or from taking part directly or indirectly in the management of any entity or business trust?
248 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT Information required pursuant to Catalist Rules 704(6) and/or 704(7) Name of the Person Ms. Usha Ranee Chandradas (i) Whether she has ever been the subject of any order, judgment or No ruling of any court, tribunal or governmental body, permanently or temporarily enjoining her from engaging in any type of business practice or activity?
(j) Whether she has ever, to her knowledge, been concerned with the No management or conduct, in Singapore or elsewhere, of the affairs of:  (i) any corporation which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing corporations in Singapore or elsewhere; or (ii) any entity (not being a corporation) which has been investigat- ed for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing such entities in Singapore or elsewhere; or (iii) any business trust which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing business trusts in Singapore or elsewhere; or (iv) any entity or business trust which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in Singapore or elsewhere, in connection with any matter occurring or arising during that pe- riod when she was so concerned with the entity or business trust?
(k) Whether she has been the subject of any current or past No investigation or disciplinary proceedings, or has been reprimanded or issued any warning, by the Monetary Authority of Singapore or any other regulatory authority, exchange, professional body or government agency, whether in Singapore or elsewhere?
Any prior experience as a director of an issuer listed on the SGX-ST?
Ms. Usha is currently an Independent Director, and a If yes, please provide details of prior experience.
If no, please state if member of each of the Audit and Risk Committee and the director as attended or will be attending training on the roles and Nominating and Remuneration Committee of OUE REIT responsibilities of a director of a listed issuer as prescribed by the Management Pte.
Ltd. (the Manager of OUE Real Estate SGX-ST.
Please provide details of relevant experience and the nomi- Investment Trust (formerly known as OUE Commercial nating committee s reasons for not requiring the director to undergo Real Estate Investment Trust) that is currently listed on training as prescribed by the SGX-ST (if applicable) the Main Board of the SGX-ST.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 249 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED (Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) (Company Registration No.
201304341E) 6, Shenton Way, #10-10 OUE Downtown, Singapore 068809 T +65 6578 9188 F +65 6479 4647 NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) of OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED (the  Company ) will be held at Hilton Singapore Orchard (333 Orchard Road, Singapore 238867), Grand Ballroom, Level 6, Orchard Wing on Thursday, 25 April 2024 at 2.00 p.m., to transact the following business: AS ORDINARY BUSINESS: 1.
To receive and adopt the Directors  Statement and Audited Financial Statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 and the Auditors  Report thereon.
2.
To approve the payment of S$620,000 as Directors  Fees for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: S$608,390.41).
3.
To re-elect the following Directors retiring pursuant to Regulations 111 and 115 of the Company s Constitution and who, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election: a. Mr. Lee Yi Shyan; b. Mr. Takeshi Seo; (to be appointed with effect from 9 April 2024) c. Mr. Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman; (appointed with effect from 2 January 2024) d. Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin; and e. Ms. Usha Ranee Chandradas.
4.
To re-appoint KPMG LLP as the Auditors of the Company and to authorise the Directors to fix their remuneration.
AS SPECIAL BUSINESS: ORDINARY RESOLUTION   AUTHORITY TO ISSUE SHARES PURSUANT TO SECTION 161 OF THE COMPANIES ACT 1967 OF SINGAPORE To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution, with or without modifications: 5.
that pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore and the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ( SGX-ST ) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (the  Catalist Rules ) and notwithstanding the provisions of the Constitution of the Company, authority be and is hereby given to the Directors of the Company to: a. (i) issue shares in the capital of the Company ( shares ) whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise; and/or (ii) make or grant offers, agreements or options (collectively,  instruments ) that may or would require shares to be issued, including but not limited to the creation and issue of (as well as adjustments to) options, warrants, debentures or other instruments convertible into shares, at any time and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes and to such persons as the Directors may in their absolute discretion deem fit; and b. (notwithstanding that the authority conferred by this Resolution may have ceased to be in force) issue shares in pursuance of any instrument made or granted by the Directors while this Resolution was in force, 250 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING provided that: (i) the aggregate number of shares to be issued pursuant to this Resolution (including shares to be issued in pursuance of instruments made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) does not exceed one hundred per cent (100%) of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings (as calculated in accordance with sub- paragraph (ii) below), of which the aggregate number of shares to be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to shareholders of the Company (including shares to be issued in pursuance of instruments made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) does not exceed fifty per cent (50%) of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) below); (ii) (subject to such manner of calculation as may be prescribed by the SGX-ST) for the purpose of determining the aggregate number of shares that may be issued under sub-paragraph (i) above, the percentage of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings shall be calculated based on the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings at the time of the passing of this Resolution, after adjusting for: (1) new shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities; (2) new shares arising from exercise of share options or vesting of share awards provided the options or awards were granted in compliance with Part VIII of Chapter 8 of the Catalist Rules; and (3) any subsequent bonus issue, or consolidation or sub-division of shares, adjustments in accordance with sub-paragraphs (1) and (2) above are only to be made in respect of new shares arising from convertible securities, share options or share awards which were issued and outstanding or subsisting at the time of the passing of this Resolution; (iii) in exercising the authority conferred by this Resolution, the Company shall comply with the provisions of the Catalist Rules for the time being in force (unless such compliance has been waived by the SGX-ST) and the Constitution for the time being of the Company; and (iv) unless revoked or varied by the Company in general meeting, the authority conferred by this Resolution shall continue in force until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier.
By Order of the Board OUE Healthcare Limited Victor Chong Tun Foo Company Secretary 2 April 2024 Singapore ANNUAL REPORT 2023 251 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING EXPLANATORY NOTES: (a) Resolution 3(a)   Re-election of Mr. Lee Yi Shyan as a Director retiring by rotation under Regulation 111 of the Company s Constitution.
Mr. Lee Yi Shyan will, upon re-election, continue as the Chairman of the Board and a member of the Nominating and Remuneration Committee of the Company.
Further information can be found under the sections entitled  Board of Directors  and  Additional Information on Directors Seeking Re-Election  of the Annual Report 2023.
(b) Resolution 3(b)   Re-election of Mr. Takeshi Seo as a Director retiring under Regulation 115 of the Company s Constitution.
Mr. Takeshi Seo will, upon re-election, continue as a Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director and a member of the Nominating and Remuneration Committee of the Company.
Further information can be found under the section entitled  Additional Information on Directors Seeking Re-Election  of the Annual Report 2023.
(c) Resolution 3(c)   Re-election of Mr. Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman as a Director retiring under Regulation 115 of the Company s Constitution.
Mr. Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman will, upon re-election, continue as a Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director of the Company.
Further information can be found under the sections entitled  Board of Directors  and  Additional Information on Directors Seeking Re-Election  of the Annual Report 2023.
(d) Resolution 3(d)   Re-election of Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin as a Director retiring by rotation under Regulation 111 of the Company s Constitution.
Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin will, upon re-election, continue as an Independent and Non-Executive Director, the Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee and a member of the Nominating and Remuneration Committee of the Company.
Further information can be found under the sections entitled  Board of Directors  and  Additional Information on Directors Seeking Re-Election  of the Annual Report 2023.
The Board of Directors considers him independent for the purpose of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules.
(e) Resolution 3(e)   Re-election of Ms. Usha Ranee Chandradas as a Director retiring by rotation under Regulation 111 of the Company s Constitution.
Ms. Usha Ranee Chandradas will, upon re-election, continue as an Independent and Non-Executive Director and a member of the Audit and Risk Committee of the Company.
Further information can be found under the sections entitled  Board of Directors  and  Additional Information on Directors Seeking Re-Election  of the Annual Report 2023.
The Board of Directors considers her independent for the purpose of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules.
(f) Resolution 5 is to empower the Directors to issue shares in the capital of the Company and/or instruments (as defined above).
The aggregate number of shares to be issued pursuant to Resolution 5 (including shares to be issued in pursuance of instruments made or granted) shall not exceed one hundred per cent (100%) of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, with a sub-limit of fifty per cent (50%) for shares issued other than on a pro-rata basis (including shares to be issued in pursuance of instruments made or granted pursuant to Resolution 5) to shareholders of the Company.
For the purpose of determining the aggregate number of shares that may be issued, the percentage of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings will be calculated based on the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings at the time of the passing of Resolution 5, after adjusting for (i) new shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities; (ii) new shares arising from exercise of share options or vesting of share awards provided the options or awards were granted in compliance with Part VIII of Chapter 8 of the Catalist Rules; and (iii) any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of shares.
The adjustments in accordance with (i) and (ii) above are only to be made in respect of new shares arising from convertible securities, share options or share awards which were issued and outstanding or subsisting at the time of the passing of Resolution 5.
252 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Notes: Refreshments 1.
Coffee, tea and water will be served at the AGM.
Format of Meeting 2.
The AGM will be held, in a wholly physical format, at Hilton Singapore Orchard (333 Orchard Road, Singapore 238867), Grand Ballroom, Level 6, Orchard Wing on Thursday, 25 April 2024 at 2.00 p.m..
Shareholders, including CPF and SRS Investors, and (where applicable) duly appointed proxies and representatives will be able to ask questions and vote at the AGM by attending the AGM in person and they should bring along their original NRIC/passport for registration on the day of the AGM.
There will be no option for shareholders to participate virtually.
Printed copies of this Notice, the accompanying Proxy Form and the Request Form will be sent by post to members.
This Notice and the accompanying Proxy Form will also be published on the Company s website at the URL https://investor.
ouehealthcare.com/agm_egm.
html and the SGX-ST website at the URL https://www.
sgx.com/ securities/company-announcements.
Appointment of Proxy(ies) 3.
(a) A member who is not a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint not more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote at the AGM.
Where such member s instrument appointing a proxy(ies) appoints more than one proxy, the proportion of the shareholding concerned to be represented by each proxy shall be specified in the instrument.
(b) A member who is a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote at the AGM, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such member.
Where such member s instrument appointing a proxy(ies) appoints more than two proxies, the number and class of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be specified in the instrument.
Relevant intermediary  has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 181 of the Companies Act 1967.
A member who wishes to appoint a proxy(ies) must complete the instrument appointing a proxy(ies), before submitting it in the manner set out below.
4.
A proxy need not be a member of the Company.
A member may choose to appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as his/her/its proxy.
5.
The instrument appointing a proxy(ies) must be submitted to the Company in the following manner: (a) if submitted personally or by post, be lodged with the Company s Share Registrar, Boardroom Corporate & Advisory Services Pte.
Ltd., at 1 Harbourfront Avenue, #14-07 Keppel Bay Tower, Singapore 098632; or (b) if submitted electronically, be submitted via email to the Company s Share Registrar at srs.
proxy@boardroomlimited.com, and in each case, must be lodged or received (as the case may be) not less than 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM.
6.
CPF and SRS Investors: (a) may vote at the AGM if they are appointed as proxies by their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators, and should contact their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators if they have any queries regarding their appointment as proxies; or (b) may appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM, in which case they should approach their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators to submit their votes by 5.00 p.m. on 15 April 2024.
Submission of Questions 7.
Shareholders, including CPF and SRS Investors, may submit substantial and relevant questions related to the resolutions to be tabled for approval at the AGM in advance of the AGM: (a) by post to the Company s registered address at 6 Shenton Way, #10-10, OUE Downtown 2, Singapore 068809; or (b) via email to the Company at info@ouehealthcare.com.
When submitting questions by post or via email, shareholders should also provide the following details: (i) the shareholder s full name; (ii) the shareholder s address; and (iii) the manner in which the shareholder holds shares in the Company (e.g., via CDP, CPF, SRS and/or scrip), for verification purposes.
All questions submitted in advance must be received by 5.00 p.m. on 10 April 2024.
8.
The Company will address all substantial and relevant questions received from shareholders by the 10 April 2024 deadline by publishing its responses to such questions on the Company s website at the URL https://investor.
ouehealthcare.com/agm_egm.
html and the SGX-ST website at the URL https://www.
sgx.com/securities/company- announcements at least 48 hours prior to the closing date and time for the lodgement/receipt of instruments appointing a proxy(ies).
The Company will respond to questions or follow-up questions, submitted after the 10 April 2024 deadline either within a reasonable timeframe before the AGM or at the AGM itself.
Where substantially similar questions are received, the Company will consolidate such questions and consequently not all questions may be individually addressed.
9.
Shareholders, including CPF and SRS Investors, and (where applicable) duly appointed proxies and representatives can also ask the Chairman of the Meeting substantial and relevant questions related to the resolutions to be tabled for approval at the AGM, at the AGM itself.
Access to Documents 10.
The Annual Report 2023 have been published and may be accessed at the Company s website at the URL https://investor.
ouehealthcare.com/agm_egm.
html.
To access the Annual Report 2023, select the year  2023  from the drop-down menu.
The Annual Report 2023 may also be accessed at the SGX website at the URL https://www.
sgx.
com/securities/company-announcements.
Members may request for printed copies of the Annual Report 2023 by completing and submitting the Request Form sent by post together with printed copies of this Notice and the accompanying Proxy Form by 5.00 p.m. on 17 April 2024.
Personal Data Privacy: By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to attend, speak and vote at the AGM and/or any adjournment thereof, a member of the Company (a) consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the member s personal data by the Company (or its agents or service providers) for the purpose of the processing, administration and analysis by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of proxies and representatives appointed for the AGM (including any adjournment thereof) and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating to the AGM (including any adjournment thereof), and in order for the Company (or its agents or service providers) to comply with any applicable laws, Catalist Rules, take-over rules, regulations and/or guidelines (collectively, the  Purposes ); (b) warrants that where the member discloses the personal data of the member s proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to the Company (or its agents or service providers), the member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the collection, use and disclosure by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of the personal data of such proxy(ies) and/ or representative(s) for the Purposes; and (c) agrees that the member will indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the member s breach of warranty.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 253 This page is intentionally left blank.
254 OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED PROXY FORM ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED (Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) (Company Registration No.
201304341E) IMPORTANT: 1.
The Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) will be held, in a wholly physical format, at Hilton Singapore Orchard (333 Orchard Road, Singapore 238867), Grand Ballroom, Level 6, Orchard Wing on Thursday, 25 April 2024 at 2.00 p.m..
There will be no option for shareholders to participate virtually.
2.
Please read the notes overleaf which contain instructions on, inter alia, the appointment of a proxy(ies).
3.
This Proxy Form is not valid for use and shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by CPF and SRS investors.
4.
CPF and SRS Investors may: (a) vote at the AGM if they are appointed as proxies by their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators, and should contact their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators if they have any queries regarding their appointment as proxies; or (b) may appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM, in which case they should approach their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators to submit their votes by 5.00 p.m. on 15 April 2024.
5.
By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s), the member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of AGM dated 2 April 2024.
I/We*, , (Name) (NRIC/Passport No.
/Company Registration No.
*) of (Address) being a member/members* of OUE Healthcare Limited (the  Company ), hereby appoint: Name Address NRIC/Passport No.
Proportion of Shareholding % and/or (delete as appropriate) Name Address NRIC/Passport No.
Proportion of Shareholding % or failing him/her*, the Chairman of the AGM, as my/our* proxy/proxies* to attend, speak and vote for me/us* on my/our* behalf at the AGM of the Company to be held at Hilton Singapore Orchard (333 Orchard Road, Singapore 238867), Grand Ballroom, Level 6, Orchard Wing on Thursday, 25 April 2024 at 2.00 p.m. and at any adjournment thereof.
VOTING ABSTAIN** NO.
RESOLUTIONS FOR** AGAINST** ORDINARY BUSINESS Adoption of the Directors  Statement and Audited Financial 1.
Statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 and the Auditors  Report thereon 2.
Approval of Directors  fees 3a.
Re-election of Mr. Lee Yi Shyan as Director 3b.
Re-election of Mr. Takeshi Seo as Director 3c.
Re-election of Mr. Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman as Director 3d.
Re-election of Mr. Eric Sho Kian Hin as Director 3e.
Re-election of Ms. Usha Ranee Chandradas as Director 4.
Re-appointment of KPMG LLP as Auditors SPECIAL BUSINESS Authority for Directors to issue Shares pursuant to Section 161 of 5.
the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore * Delete as appropriate ** Voting will be conducted by poll.
If you wish your proxy/proxies to cast all your votes  For  or  Against  a resolution, please indicate with an  X  in the  For  or  Against  box provided in respect of that resolution.
Alternatively, please indicate the number of votes  For  or  Against  in the  For  or  Against  box provided in respect of that resolution.
If you wish your proxy/proxies to abstain from voting on a resolution, please indicate with an  X  in the  Abstain  box provided in respect of that resolution.
Alternatively, please indicate the number of shares your proxy/proxies is directed to abstain from voting in the  Abstain  box provided in respect of that resolution.
In any other case, the proxy/proxies may vote or abstain as the proxy/proxies deem(s) fit on any of the above resolutions if no voting instruction is specified, and on any other matter arising at the AGM.
) Dated this day of 2024 Total Number of Shares held in: No.
of Shares CDP Register Register of Members This page is intentionally left blank.
Signature(s) of member(s) or Common Seal Contact Number/Email Address of Member(s) ANNUAL REPORT 2023 255 IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ NOTES OVERLEAF Notes: 1.
If the member has shares entered against his/her/its name in the Depository Register (maintained by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited), he/she/it should insert that number of shares.
If the member has shares registered in his/her/ its name in the Register of Members (maintained by or on behalf of the Company), he/she/it should insert that number of shares.
If the member has shares entered against his/her/its name in the Depository Register and shares registered in his/her/its name in the Register of Members, he/she/it should insert the aggregate number of shares.
If no number is inserted, this instrument appointing a proxy(ies) will be deemed to relate to all the shares held by the member.
2.
(a) A member who is not a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint not more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote at the AGM.
Where such member s instrument appointing a proxy(ies) appoints more than one proxy, the proportion of the shareholding concerned to be represented by each proxy shall be specified in the instrument.
(b) A member who is a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote at the AGM, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such member.
Where such member s instrument appointing a proxy(ies) appoints more than two proxies, the number and class of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be specified in the instrument.
Relevant intermediary  has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 181 of the Companies Act 1967.
A member who wishes to appoint a proxy(ies) must complete the instrument appointing a proxy(ies), before submitting it in the manner set out below.
3.
A proxy need not be a member of the Company.
A member may choose to appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as his/ her/its proxy.
Please fold here 1st Postage will Affix be paid by adPdorsetsasgeee.
For posting in Stamp PROXY FORM Singapore only.
The Share Registrar OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED c/o Boardroom Corporate & Advisory Services Pte.
Ltd. 1 Harbourfront Avenue #14-07 Keppel Bay Tower Singapore 098632 Please fold here 2nd 4.
The instrument appointing a proxy(ies) must be submitted to the Company in the following manner: (a) if submitted personally or by post, be lodged with the Company s Share Registrar, Boardroom Corporate & Advisory Services Pte.
Ltd., at 1 Harbourfront Avenue, #14-07 Keppel Bay Tower, Singapore 098632; or (b) if submitted electronically, be submitted via email to the Company s Share Registrar at srs.
proxy@boardroomlimited.
com, and in each case, must be lodged or received (as the case may be) not less than 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM.
5.
Completion and submission of the instrument appointing a proxy(ies) by a member will not prevent him/her from attending, speaking and voting at the AGM if he/she so wishes.
The appointment of the proxy(ies) for the AGM will be deemed to be revoked if the member attends the AGM in person and in such event, the Company reserves the right to refuse to admit any person or persons appointed under the relevant instrument appointing a proxy(ies) to the AGM.
6.
The instrument appointing a proxy(ies) must be under the hand of the appointor or of his/her attorney duly authorised in writing.
Where the instrument appointing a proxy(ies) is executed by a corporation, it must be executed under its common seal or under the hand of its attorney or a duly authorised officer.
7.
Where an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) is signed on behalf of the appointor by an attorney, the letter or power of attorney or a duly certified copy thereof must (failing previous registration with the Company), if the instrument is submitted personally or by post, be lodged with the instrument or, if the instrument is submitted electronically via email, be emailed with the instrument, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid.
8.
The Company shall be entitled to reject an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) which is incomplete, improperly completed, illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified in the instrument appointing a proxy(ies) (including any related attachment).
In addition, in the case of shares entered in the Depository Register, the Company may reject a an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) (including any related attachment) if the member, being the appointor, is not shown to have shares entered against the member s 256 OUE HEALTHnCamARe Ein L ItMheI TDEeDpository Register as at 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM, as certified by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company.
CORPORATE INFORMATION BOARD OF DIRECTORS COMPANY SECRETARY Lee Yi Shyan Victor Chong Tun Foo (Non-Independent and Non-Executive Chairman) Tetsuya Fujimoto REGISTERED OFFICE (Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director) 6 Shenton Way Yet Kum Meng #10-10 OUE Downtown (Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director) Singapore 068809 Abram Melkyzedeck Suhardiman Tel: (65) 6578 9188 (Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director) Fax: (65) 6479 4647 info@ouehealthcare.com Roger Tan Chade Phang www.
ouehealthcare.com (Lead Independent and Non-Executive Director) Co Reg No.
201304341E Eric Sho Kian Hin (Independent and Non-Executive Director) SHARE REGISTRAR Jackson Tay Eng Kiat (Independent and Non-Executive Director) Boardroom Corporate & Advisory Services Pte.
Ltd. Usha Ranee Chandradas 1 Harbourfront Avenue (Independent and Non-Executive Director) #14-07 Keppel Bay Tower Singapore 098632 Tel: (65) 6536 5355 AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE Eric Sho Kian Hin SPONSOR (Chairman) PrimePartners Corporate Finance Pte.
Ltd. Roger Tan Chade Phang 16 Collyer Quay Jackson Tay Eng Kiat #10-00 Collyer Quay Centre Usha Ranee Chandradas Singapore 049318 NOMINATING AND AUDITOR REMUNERATION COMMITTEE KPMG LLP Roger Tan Chade Phang 12 Marina View (Chairman) #15-01 Asia Square Tower 2 Lee Yi Shyan Singapore 018961 Tetsuya Fujimoto Partner-in-charge: Ong Li Qin Eric Sho Kian Hin With effect from financial year ended 31 December 2022 Jackson Tay Eng Kiat OUE HEALTHCARE LIMITED (Company Reg.
No.
201304341E)
