RRAAFFFFLLEESS MMEEDDIICCAALL GGRROOUUPP Sustainability Report Sustainability Report RMG supports sustainability.
Many of the things we do daily resonate with many fundamentals of sustainability.
As an established healthcare provider, our business is about  people    pursuing medical excellence and delivering quality healthcare to our patients and customers, recruiting and retaining good people, offering growth and advancement opportunities for our staff, and delivering returns to our shareholders   and also about creating values in the communities we operate in.
As the Group continues to grow, we remain We welcome any comments, questions or steadfast in our core purpose and core values, suggestions regarding this report and our and we will continue to factor sustainability sustainability performance.
in our decision making.
We are committed to prioritising our people and our communities, Registered Office: and we believe we are balancing more of 585 North Bridge Road what we do, and how we do things, with Raffles Hospital #11-00 evolving ESG expectations.
Singapore 188770 Attention: Sustainability Committee Aligned with our financial reporting cycle, Email: enquiries@raffleshospital.com this report contains data and information in respect of the financial year (FY) ended 31 December 2023.
This report is prepared annually and is included in the Group s Annual Report.
Unless otherwise stated, this report covers our Singapore and China operations across our respective business segments.
3344 AANNNNUUAALL RREEPPOORRTT 22002233 SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy RReeppoorrtt Board Diversity: Board Diversity: Female Directors Independent Directors 17% 58% FY2022: 20% FY2022: 60% GHG Emissions GHG Emissions (tCO2e) (tCO2e) 1,644.9 17,489.2 Group Scope 1 emissions Group Scope 2 emissions Electricity Consumed Water Consumed (MWh/revenue S$ 000) (Cu M/revenue S$ 000) 0.04 0.23 FY2022: 0.03 FY2022: 0.19 Waste Generated Diversity Matrix: (metric ton) Female staff 796.1 75% FY2022: 830.8 FY2022: 75% Diversity Matrix: Staff aged above 50 years old Donations 14.7% S$1,068,113 FY2022: 15.0% FY2022: S$688,573 3355 RRAAFFFFLLEESS MMEEDDIICCAALL GGRROOUUPP SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy RReeppoorrtt BOARD STATEMENT BOARD STATEMENT RMG s journey has been about our unwavering commitment to patient- centric care, medical excellence, looking after our physicians and staff, and creating value for the communities.
We practise medicine with a strong compliance with medical and healthcare regulations.
Our internal professional guidance on operations, policies and procedures are established to the highest standards.
Also given our business footprint across Asia, we strive to be a good responsible corporate citizen in the communities we operate in.
As such, the way we deliver healthcare, and the way we develop and run our businesses intersect with many We continue to align our sustainability Our people are key to RMG s success.
Environmental, Social and Governance disclosures with relevant requirements, We look after our staff s well-being, (ESG) considerations.
including SGX-ST Listing Rule 711 provide training for them, and look (A) and (B), SGX-ST Sustainability into their career development.
These Medical excellence, our patients and Reporting Guide (Practice Note have significant positive multiplier our staff remain our top priority.
This 7.6), and SGX 27 Core ESG metrics.
effects on them, their families, and means we will move faster on some We are also referencing the Global the communities.
We work with, and ESG fronts, and phase in other aspects.
Reporting Initiative (GRI) Universal look for, people   physicians, nurses, To reduce our environmental footprint, Standards 2021 issued by the Global allied health professionals and staff we endeavour to align our operations Sustainability Standards Board when   with high level of competency, and policies, wherever it is operationally preparing our sustainability report.
We professionalism, expertise, experience, feasible.
have used the GRI reporting framework ethics, and integrity.
since we began reporting on our ESG RMG s Board and the Audit and Risk performance in 2017 and will continue The Board plays a key role in Committee (ARC) provide corporate to use it as it is the most widely used ensuring that on human resource, governance oversight to ensure that reporting framework globally.
In 2023, the Group upholds fairness, diversity, ESG considerations and sustainability we embarked on our Task Force on and inclusion in our hiring process; material issues continue to be Climate-related Financial Disclosures shapes our policies to develop our integrated into the Group s business (TCFD) journey, and we will be making staff with the right mindset, skills, strategy as appropriate.
Under the disclosures in phases in accordance and competence; fosters a culture of revised governance structure adopted with the TCFD recommendations.
Our continuous learning; keeps upskilling by the Board, the Management also disclosures are audited by our internal and training opportunities inclusive reports to the Board on the Group s audit, and our GHG emissions numbers and available to all who qualify; and alignment with relevant sustainability are calculated using a service provided maintains our progression policy obligations and the Group s by an established external service to ensure inclusivity and diversity, sustainability performance.
provider.
providing equal opportunities for all staff to advance.
3366 AANNNNUUAALL RREEPPOORRTT 22002233 SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy RReeppoorrtt BOARD STATEMENT The Board supports the Group giving As knowledge and technology back to the community.
In addition to on sustainability, as well as ESG- donating to recognised charities and related regulations and expectations worthy social causes, we also encourage evolve, members of the Board, and our people to participate actively in specifically of the ARC, members of Our people are key charitable activities.
The Group has the Management and relevant staff put in place a policy to recognise staff continue to participate in training to RMG s success.
We volunteering for charitable causes.
programmes, including requisite sustainability training in accordance look after our staff s The Board provides key oversight in with SGX-mandated requirements, upholding strong governance and to update their knowledge and well-being, provide business practices.
As a healthcare capabilities.
New directors will be training for them, provider, the Group adheres to scheduled for training within the first healthcare regulations and guidelines, year of appointment.
and look into their and other relevant regulations, and we supplement these with our rigorous We believe the evolving regulations career development.
professional governance to ensure and expectations on ESG matters are high quality of healthcare delivery.
As a useful for guiding us in aligning our corporation, we adhere to listing rules directions and targets for the material and regulations, and practise strong topics identified, and in communicating corporate governance, ethics, integrity, our efforts in managing ESG issues compliance, and risk management to our patients and customers, staff, so that we are accountable to our stakeholders, and the public.
stakeholders and shareholders.
The Board has revised the Terms of Reference of the ARC to better reflect its responsibilities on sustainability, including to oversee and review the implementation of the Group s sustainability efforts and to provide strategic direction on sustainability matters.
We maintain a zero-tolerance stance on corruption, bribery, and unlawful practices.
We have policies and procedures on the management of suppliers and contractors, on procurement, and on whistleblowing, and have mandated that training on anti-corruption be conducted for staff.
Our patients  medical record and data are of paramount importance.
Hence, the Group maintains robust cybersecurity measures to protect the data of our patients and customers.
3377 RAFFLES MEDICAL GROUP Sustainability Report APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY Materiality Approach and Process In 2023, we undertook a stakeholder engagement exercise, via a survey, with our internal and external stakeholders.
These included the Group s key management and staff, patients, customers, regulators, suppliers, and contractors.
The exercise allowed us to keep up with the evolving sustainability landscape, in particular, to refresh our understanding of the way our stakeholders view us and what they expect from us.
Stakeholder Why them Patients &   We serve more than 2.8 million patients and 7,000 corporate clients.
Customers   Providing high quality holistic healthcare to our patients and customers, and ensuring their safety and satisfaction are core to our mission of becoming their Trusted Partner for Health.
Staff   We have close to 3,000 staff in our facilities across Asia.
Our people   physicians, nurses, allied health professions and staff - are our most valuable assets.
They work professionally, tirelessly, and seamlessly together to deliver quality healthcare, and ensure the safety, well-being and satisfaction of our patients and customers.
Governments &   The healthcare sector is one that is heavily regulated.
Governments and regulators implement and shape Regulators healthcare policies and regulations, affecting the ways we deliver healthcare.
As a company listed on the SGX-ST, we adhere to listing rules and regulations.
We work closely with the authorities in all the jurisdictions we have a presence in.
We readily come forward and step up our services when the community faces exigencies, such as during SARS, bird flu, and COVID-19 pandemic.
Suppliers and   Being an integrated healthcare provider with presence in 14 cities, we deal extensively with an array of Contractors suppliers and contractors in various jurisdictions.
They are important partners in our healthcare delivery   providing goods and services in a timely manner, and of the standard and quality we expect.
Shareholders   As a listed company, we are accountable to our valued shareholders.
38 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Sustainability Report APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY From the stakeholder engagement exercise, we extracted a list of items which respondents thought to be more important and less important: Top five items considered to be most important: Patient Safety, Clinical Quality, Data Privacy and Security, Workplace Health and Safety, Customer Satisfaction.
Bottom three items considered to be less important: Reducing Greenhouse Gas Emission, Water Conservation, Recognising Climate Change.
Based on the outcome of the survey, we recognised that a refresh and reprioritisation of the material factors would better reflect the current priorities and expectations.
The refreshed and reprioritised list is as shown in the table below: Pillar Key Material Topics Material Sub-topics Social Patients and customers   Access to healthcare   Clinical quality   Patient safety   Customer satisfaction Staff   Diversity, equity, and inclusion   Engagement and retention   Workplace health and safety   Training and development   Progression Community   Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)   Staff volunteering Governance Corporate governance   Role of the Board Code of conduct   Supplier Code of Conduct Cybersecurity, data protection   Safety and security of patients  medical records and personal data Environment Emissions   Manage emissions Energy   Manage energy consumption Water   Manage water consumption Environmental compliance   General waste   Biohazard waste Climate change adaptation and mitigation   Sustainable products and technology 39 RAFFLES MEDICAL GROUP Sustainability Report APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY Our Targets and Performance Highlights From our stakeholder engagement exercise, we drew up a set of short-term (up until 2030), medium-term (from 2031 to 2040), and long-term (beyond 2040) targets relating to each pillar and also for the material topics.
This is a journey.
We continue to take a proactive approach towards sustainability, including climate change, and adaption.
We will continue to strengthen existing policies and practices that are contributing to ESG, move faster on some new areas, and address others at appropriate times.
Key Material Material FY2023 Performance and Short-term, Medium-term, Long-term Targets Topics Sub-topics Achievements Progress (baseline year: FY2023) SOCIAL Patients and   Access to   Raffles Hospital On track   Short- and Medium term: Continue to Customers healthcare Singapore: made provide patients with easy access to available more healthcare services.
specialty services.
Raffles Medical: Opened 3 clinics in Singapore.
China operations: made available more specialty services.
Patient safety   Ventilator-associated On track   Short- and Medium term: Maintain low pneumonia rate: 0 rate of incidence for patient safety.
(FY2022: 5.6)   Unscheduled readmission within 30 days rate: 1.4 (FY2022: 1.5)   Customer   Customer Satisfaction On track   Short- and Medium term: Maintain satisfaction Index (RH*): 83 Customer Satisfaction Index above 70.
(FY2022: 82)   Customer Satisfaction Index (RM**): 71 (FY2022: 66) * RH: Raffles Hospital ** RM: Raffles Medical 40 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Sustainability Report APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY Our Targets and Performance Highlights (cont d) Key Material Material FY2023 Performance and Short-term, Medium-term, Long-term Targets Topics Sub-topics Achievements Progress (baseline year: FY2023) Staff   Workplace   Fatality: 0 (FY2022: 0) On track   Short-term: China operations   to health and   High consequence commence WSH audit.
safety injury: 0 (FY2022: 0)   Short to Long term: Maintain 0 fatality,   Recordable injuries: 0 high consequence injury, and 0 20 (FY2022: 2) recorded work-related ill health.
Recorded work- related ill health: 0 (FY2022: 0)   Engagement   Executed HR On track   Continue to adhere to regulations and and retention policies in-line with align policies with regulations.
the Group s core considerations and regulatory requirements.
Employee turnover: 26% (FY2022: 36%)   Diversity,   Executed HR On track   Continue to adhere to regulations and equity, and policies in-line with align policies with regulations.
inclusion the Group s core considerations and regulatory requirements.
New hires (female): 78% (FY2022: 77%)   Female employees: 75% of total staff (FY2022: 75%)   Training and   Provided training and On track   Continue to avail training and development development for all development opportunities to staff.
staff.
Training hours: 52,933 (FY2022: 51,685)   Progression   Executed HR On track   Continue to adhere to regulations and policies in-line with align policies with regulations.
the Group s core considerations and regulatory requirements.
Staff performance review rate: 100% (FY2022: 100%) 41 RAFFLES MEDICAL GROUP Sustainability Report APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY Our Targets and Performance Highlights (cont d) Key Material Material FY2023 Performance and Short-term, Medium-term, Long-term Targets Topics Sub-topics Achievements Progress (baseline year: FY2023) Community   Company s   Company donated On track   Continue to support worthy charitable CSR $1,068,113.
and social causes.
(FY2022: $688,573)   Staff   Staff volunteered Requires   Short-term: 10% increase in staff volunteerism 796 hours (FY2022: improvement volunteering hours by 2026.
7,176 hours)   Create greater awareness on staff   Introduced policy volunteer policy.
to encourage staff   Encourage the Management to share volunteerism.
their involvement in charitable and social activities.
GOVERNANCE Corporate   Board metrics   Women in Board: On track   Maintain board and senior Governance 16.7% management diversity.
(FY2022: 20.0%) Code of   Supplier Code   Code adopted in On track   Secure the acknowledgment of our Conduct of Conduct 2023.
code by existing suppliers, contractors, and vendors.
All new suppliers, contractors, and vendors to acknowledge our code.
Cybersecurity,   Patients    The Group was On track   Comply with regulatory requirements Data medical awarded the Cyber and continue to mitigate risk.
Protection records and Essentials Mark by   Short to Long term: Strive for 100% personal data Cyber Security Agency incident-free.
of Singapore.
Data-security: 0 incident 42 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Sustainability Report APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY Our Targets and Performance Highlights (cont d) Key Material Material FY2023 Performance and Short-term, Medium-term, Long-term Targets Topics Sub-topics Achievements Progress (baseline year: FY2023) ENVIRONMENT Emissions   Manage Started tracking Scope 1   Short-term: Continue to track Scope 1 emissions and Scope 2 emissions.
and Scope 2 emissions.
Scope 1: 1,644.9   Short-term: Prepare to track Scope 3 (tCO2e) emissions.
Scope 2: 17,489.2   Medium-term: Reduce levels of Scope (tCO2e) 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 5%   Long-term: Reduce levels of Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission by 10% Energy   Manage   Started systematic On track   Short-term: Maintain level of energy energy management of consumption intensity.
consumption air conditioning   Medium-term: 5% reduction in energy operations.
consumption intensity by 2035.
Started replacing   Continue to look out for energy existing lighting efficient options for adoption in our fixtures with energy facilities.
efficient ones.
Create greater staff awareness on   Energy consumption energy conservation.
intensity (MWh/ revenue S$ 000): 0.04 (FY2022: 0.03) Water   Manage water   Replaced existing On track   Short-term: Maintain level of water consumption plumbing fixtures consumption intensity.
with efficient ones.
Medium-term: 5% reduction in water   Water consumption consumption intensity by 2035.
intensity (Cu M/   Create greater staff awareness on revenue S$ 000): water conservation.
0.23 (FY2022: 0.19) Environmental   General waste   Started regular On track   Short-term: 5% reduction in waste Compliance communication with consumption intensity by 2030.
staff on conservation   Medium-term: 5% reduction in waste and recycling.
consumption intensity by 2035.
Produced (metric ton):   Create greater staff awareness on 796.1 (FY2022: 830.8) conservation and recycling.
Biohazard   Adhered to regulatory On track   Continue to adhere to regulatory waste requirements.
requirements on treatment of   Produced (metric ton): biohazard waste.
1,748.5 (FY2022: 2,060.5) Sustainability   Sustainable Requires   Short-term: Install EV charging stations Adaptation products and improvement at Raffles Hospital Singapore and our and Mitigation technology hospitals in China.
Short-term: Transit our ambulance fleet across our facilities to cleaner energy vehicle.
43 RAFFLES MEDICAL GROUP Sustainability Report GOVERNANCE ON SUSTAINABILITY AND RISK GOVERNANCE ON SUSTAINABILITY AND RISK As an established healthcare provider, the way we deliver healthcare, and the way we develop and operate our businesses intersect with many ESG considerations.
As we grow our businesses, we remain committed to our core purpose and core values, and we will continue to factor sustainability considerations in our decision making.
Sustainability Governance Approach The Board works closely with the ESG matters are deliberated at the ARC progress, as well as monitors and senior management and is involved in when it meets and when necessary.
In evaluates the Group s sustainability developing the Group s sustainability addition to providing strategic direction performance against the targets strategies, policies, risk management and oversight, the ARC also deliberates established, and reports to the Board framework, ESG targets, and ESG management s proposals and makes on a regular basis.
material factors.
The Board is recommendations to the Board on responsible for reviewing and approving sustainability-related policies and The MEC oversees the Sustainability the Group s sustainability report.
practices.
To assist the ARC members Committee (SC), which is the working in carrying out their responsibilities, group on the Group s ESG-related At the Board level, the ARC provides they have access to RMG staff, and to matters.
The SC is co-chaired by the strategic direction to, and oversight of, advice from external domain experts Group Financial Controller and a our ESG priorities and commitments, and consultants.
Director of Raffles Health Insurance, including our environmental and its members include key heads of sustainability strategy and climate- Like all our Board committees, the operations and/or business units.
The related efforts, our risk management ARC members are appointed based SC identifies potential sustainability and internal controls, our social on their expertise and knowledge.
initiatives for implementation across responsibility program, and our risk, Each Director is subject to rotational the Group, and it drives, coordinates, ethics and compliance programs.
The reappointment in accordance with and executes the Group s sustainability ARC is chaired by an Independent RMG s Constitution.
The appointment strategy.
The SC also monitors and Non-Executive Director, and it of ARC member terminates when the regulatory obligations and strives to comprises two other Independent and member ceases to be a Director or as align the Group s policies and practices Non-Executive Directors.
The Board determined by the Board.
with relevant sustainability regulations.
has revised the Terms of Reference To ensure that members of the ARC and of the ARC to better reflect its The Board oversees the Group s MEC are kept updated on sustainability responsibilities on sustainability.
The Management Executive Committee development and requirements, the SC ARC Chairperson reports to the Board (MEC), which comprises of, among looks out for relevant training courses, on the Committee s proceedings.
others, Chief Operating Officer, Chief talks and presentations for them.
Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer.
The ARC works closely with the MEC on, among others, sustainability matters.
The MEC assesses ESG 44 AANNNNUUAALL RREEPPOORRTT 22002233 SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy RReeppoorrtt SOCIAL The Group is centred around  people    patients and customers, staff, and stakeholders   and we strive to create values in the communities we operate in.
SOCIAL 444555 RAFFLES MEDICAL GROUP Sustainability Report SOCIAL Patients and Customers We strive to be culturally competent, and our physicians and staff understand and respect the cultural, social, and economic factors that influence an individual s health.
We encourage patient empowerment: Our Position Our Approach we want our patients to participate in Achieving Patient and their own health and well-being.
We Medical excellence, our patients and Customer Satisfaction believe that informed and engaged our staff remain our top priority.
We This is key to us because higher patients are more likely to adhere believe that our patients and customers satisfaction levels contribute to better to treatment plans, make healthier prioritise healthcare providers that adherence to treatment plans and lifestyle choices, and take an active role deliver affordable high-quality medical improved outcomes.
This is an on-going in managing their conditions.
care and those with a reputation for journey: we are constantly examining doing so.
and reviewing our treatment plans and We emphasise effective communication protocols to seek improvement.
between our physicians, allied health This is clear from our 2023 survey of professionals, nurses, staff, and patients.
stakeholders: close to 90 per cent of We put our patients and their well- This helps build trust, ensures that participants said that  clinical quality  being at the centre of all that we do.
patients understand their diagnoses and and  patient safety  were  very With our group practice model, we are treatment options, and allows them to important  to them.
able to put patients  needs first, and express their preferences and concerns.
allow our healthcare professionals from It also helps to foster a collaborative Our patients  priorities are: expertise various disciplines to work together to relationship between the healthcare of healthcare professionals, successful leverage on their collective expertise team and the patient.
outcomes, and commitment to patient in an interdisciplinary approach to safety.
And they also look out for other provide collaborative and seamless We strive to be culturally competent, tangible and intangible qualities, such care for our patients.
We emphasise and our physicians and staff understand as financial considerations (transparent patient dignity, and we ensure that and respect the cultural, social, and about costs), continuity of care, wait healthcare decisions and interventions economic factors that influence an time, ethical practices.
are in the best interest of the individual.
individual s health.
We know that we We believe that the way we deliver can deliver more effective care when healthcare produces better quality we are culturally competent   when care, and efficiency in the delivery of we take into account the diverse clinical outcomes.
backgrounds and values of our patients.
46 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Sustainability Report SOCIAL   Medical Records Management Committee   Nursing Quality Assurance Committee   Operating Theatre Committee   Patient Case Review Committee   Radiation Safety Committee   Surgical Quality and Audit Committee   Therapeutics and Infection Control Committee We have also put in place a   Blood Transfusion and Tissue programme to recognise service Review Committee Ensuring Patient Safety excellence for physicians and staff   Credentialling and Privileging The health authorities set rigorous and continue to focus on improving Committee standards, expectations, and operational efficiency by streamlining   Critical Care Committee obligations for healthcare providers to processes, promoting engagement   Ethics Committee ensure patient safety.
Internally, we and development, and leveraging on   Genetic Testing Committee uphold a culture of open conversation feedback mechanisms to continually   Infection Control Committee and accountability.
We advocate refine and innovate healthcare delivery.
Medical Audit Committee sharing of feedback by our healthcare   Medical Board professionals across all spectrums in Providing Access to Healthcare   Operating Theatre Committee our hospitals.
This includes reporting As we work towards Caring as One in   Patient Case Review Committee an event, a process, or condition that Asia, we continue to strengthen the   Pharmacy and Therapeutics causes harm or has the potential to breadth and depth of our capabilities Committee cause harm or injury to our patients and so that our patients and customers will   Quality Committee customers.
We also proactively review have access to quality care conveniently.
Surgical Audit Committee clinical incidents and provide feedback   Trauma Committee to the relevant parties.
Ensuring Clinical Quality We strive to deliver safe, quality, We also maintain the same demanding Among others, we have the following effective, ethical, and professional professional medical governance at our clinical performance measurements: care to our patients.
On one level, hospitals in China to ensure continuous our hospitals and clinics adhere to the improvement of healthcare delivery   Clinical outcome by specialty requirements of the relevant health and that patients  well-being remains   Falls ministries, health bureaus and other a top priority.
The core professional   Hospital-acquired infections relevant authorities.
Such requirements governance committees in our hospitals   Morbidity and Mortality stipulate rigorous standards, in China include:   Medication-related events expectations, and obligations to meet.
Surgical-related events   Biohazard Waste Management In addition to regulatory requirements, Committee Our Progress we maintain demanding internal   Biosafety Management Committee professional governance, which is   Blood Transfusion and Tissue Providing Access to Healthcare unique in the private healthcare The Group operates four hospitals Review Committee provider space.
and a vast network of over 100 multi-   Code Blue and Emergency Care disciplinary clinics in 14 cities in Asia, Committee We have established professional and employs close to 3,000 staff, of   Emergency Service Management governance committees to ensure the which more than 1,500 are physicians, Committee quality, safety, ethics, and effectiveness nurses, and allied healthcare   Hospital Medical Quality Assurance of our care, as well as to oversee and professionals.
We will continue to grow Committee guide various aspects of our medical our network of facilities and build the   Infection Control Committee practice.
They are: breadth and depth of our capabilities.
Medical Affairs and Credentialing Committee   Medical Quality and Audit Committee 47 RAFFLES MEDICAL GROUP Sustainability Report SOCIAL Patients Safety Patient safety FY2023 FY2022 Central Line-associated Blood Stream Infection Rate (per 1,000 device patient days) 0 0 Ventilator Associated Pneumonia Rate 0 5.6 (per 1,000 device patient days) (PVAP) Catheter Associated Urinary Tract Infection Rate (per 1,000 device patient days) 0 0 Unscheduled Readmission Within 30 Days Rate 1.4 1.5 Our Staff 4 Our Position Competent, knowledgeable, skilled, and well-trained staff are essential for providing high quality patient care and Hospitals Our staff are our key assets, and they ensuring patient safety.
Well-trained are key to the Group s success.
We and organised staff contribute to the employ about 2,900 people, and we 14 efficient day-to-day operations of our have more than 200 roles in the Group.
facilities, including managing patient Each of our colleagues has a role to play flow, coordinating tests and procedures, Cities in Asia in ensuring we operate effectively and and handling administrative tasks efficiently.
effectively.
2,900 Our Approach Our human resource approach is to Employees employ and appoint people according To deliver our brand of quality to their abilities and talent.
This is a key healthcare, we work with, and look part of our institution.
We developed for, people   physicians, nurses, >1,500 our human resource policies based on allied health professionals and staff this approach.
with high level of competency, Healthcare professionals professionalism, expertise, experience, ethics, and integrity.
48 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Sustainability Report SOCIAL Engagement and Retention We select individuals for roles or positions base on their skills, competence, experience, and qualifications, underscoring the importance of recognising and utilising the talents, and experience and capabilities of individuals in various roles.
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Our human resource approach embodies diversity, equity, and inclusion.
We are committed to treating everyone fairly and without bias.
We are oblivious and indifferent to race, religion, and cultural considerations.
We support Singapore Government s Tripartite Guidelines on the re- employment of older staff.
Progression Competent, knowledgeable, skilled, and Our progression-related policy is an well-trained staff are essential for providing extension of our human resource approach: the policy is based on abilities high quality patient care and ensuring and talent, as well as contributions, providing equal opportunities for patient safety.
staff to advance.
We recognise and reward staff for their hard work and achievements.
Our policy combines We support our doctors in fulfilling Education (CPE) requirements to a role-based system that grades their Continuous Medical Education maintain their competencies through individual staff based on the extent (CME) requirements where they continuing education in order to of his/her role with a performance- deepen their knowledge and skills provide safe patient care and to keep based approach to evaluation, and in new developments and advances pace with advances and innovations in compensation based on the outcomes in medicine, professional theories, healthcare.
of his/her job performance.
treatment and management of common diseases, health policies and laws, We continue to foster a culture of Training and Development new skills and practices, and research continuous learning, shape our human All our healthcare professionals need to capabilities.
capital policies to develop our staff fulfil mandated continuous training and with the right mindset, skills, and education requirements.
Also, we lend full support to our nurses competence, keep upskilling and in fulfilling their Continuing Professional training opportunities inclusive and available to all who qualify.
We provide opportunities for continuing education, training, and career development to help staff enhance their skills and stay current with advancements.
Staff are offered various training opportunities such as mandatory core training, department specific functional training, on-the-job training, cross-training in multiple functions, and mentoring.
49 RAFFLES MEDICAL GROUP Sustainability Report SOCIAL To foster a healthy and productive work environment, we have put in place various programmes for staff well-being and welfare.
Workplace Health and Safety abuse, harassment, or discrimination Our Progress The are two dimensions of workplace promptly.
We have made clear our health and safety.
One, being the Group s zero-tolerance stance on Training and Development environment aspects.
We strive to abuse, harassment, and discrimination.
At the Group level, our staff (including achieve safety and health excellence Our leaders lead by example   they physicians and nurses) went for 52,933 consistent with international best model appropriate behaviour and treat hours of training.
practices.
We comply with applicable all staff with fairness and respect.
And requirements, standards, codes of on reporting mechanism, our staff have In 2023, we sponsored 1 staff practices and guidelines in all the cities multiple confidential and anonymous for advanced diploma and 3 staff we operate in.
We have also put in channels to report harassment or for degree programmes.
We will place a number of practices, including: discrimination.
The Company will continue to nurture and sponsor high investigate all complaints promptly potential staff to strengthen their   Maintaining a robust system of and thoroughly, ensuring a fair and clinical and management skills for incident and accident reporting and unbiased process.
career development.
We provided 16 analysis; bursaries to the children of our staff as   Engaging stakeholders to Staff Well-Being and Welfare way to encourage and support them in effectively implement health and To foster a healthy and productive their education journey.
safety policies and procedures; work environment, we have put in   Carrying out training to maintain place various programmes for staff Patient Safety FY2023 FY2022 high competency of health and well-being and welfare.
These are in safety practices and knowledge.
addition to traditional benefits, and Average 18.3 19.3 they contribute towards us nurturing training hours Two, health and safety have intangible a positive and supportive workplace per employee aspects.
We provide a safe and culture, and ultimately leading to (hours) supportive work environment by higher staff retention and overall Course 98% 96% addressing issues related to workplace organisational success.
Evaluation Workplace Health and Safety We participated in a Singapore Government-led working group looking into the prevention of abuse and harassment in healthcare.
When the working group launched the  Tripartite Framework for the Prevention of Abuse and Harassment in Healthcare , we supported it.
This is an important Framework as it sends a clear message that abuse and harassment would not be tolerated and condoned.
It provides: 50 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Sustainability Report SOCIAL   A common definition of abuse and Staff Well-being and Welfare We provided part-time staff with pro- harassment; The Group provided each department rated benefits in accordance with   Standardisation of protocols for with a Social Engagement Fund which their working hours, and we adhered healthcare institutions; and the staff used to hold department staff to parental, maternity, paternity, and   Follow-up actions to be taken bonding activities.
childcare leave guidelines according to against perpetrators to protect the relevant regulations of each of the healthcare workers and those Raffles Hospital Singapore organised cities in which we operate.
around them.
a week-long Staff Well-being Week, where we conducted free health screening and provided free influenza Occupational vaccination for staff.
The Recreational Health and Club conducted various social and Safety FY2023 FY2022 recreational classes for the staff Fatalities 0 0 throughout the year.
High- 0 0 consequence Employees FY2023 FY2022 injuries Permanent Employees 2,892 2,678 Recordable 20 2 Employee Turnover 745 961 injuries Employee Turnover 25.8% 35.9% Recordable 0 0 work-related ill Gender Diversity FY2023 FY2022 health cases Hand Hygiene 95% 95% Women in management 44.7% 47.3% Compliance Female employees 75.1% 75.2% Male employees 24.9% 24.8% Service Excellence New hires (Female) 77.9% 76.6% Each quarter, we would publicly Employee Turnover (Female) 79.5% 74.3% recognise physicians and staff for Employee Turnover (Male) 20.5% 25.7% their outstanding services.
In 2023, we recognised 97 staff for service Women on the Board 16.7% 20.0% excellence.
Age Diversity FY2023 FY2022 Service Current employees under 30 years old 19.1% 17.4% Excellence FY2023 FY2022 Current employees between 30-50 years old 66.2% 67.6% Customer 83 82 Current employees over 50 years old 14.7% 15.0% satisfaction New hires under 30 years old 37.4% 36.9% Index (RH New hires between 30-50 years old 56.2% 56.7% Singapore) New hires over 50 years old 6.4% 6.4% Customer 71 66 Employee Turnover under 30 years old 27.5% 28.8% satisfaction Index (RM Employee Turnover between 30-50 years old 60.7% 62.6% clinics) Employee Turnover over 50 years old 11.8% 8.6% 51 RAFFLES MEDICAL GROUP Sustainability Report SOCIAL Communities Our Position Community engagement is not just a strategic imperative for us aiming for sustained success in a dynamic and competitive healthcare landscape, but it is our social responsibility.
In cities where we have a stronger presence, we engage the local communities more, and we will continue to leverage on our strength to create value in these communities.
In other cities, we strive to step up our engagement and contributions.
Esplanade Mother s Day Concert.
Our Progress AMF sponsored a special Our Approach Mother s Day concert at the The Group donated S$1,068,113 to Esplanade Concert Hall on Sunday, various charities in Singapore.
We strive to create value for the 7 May 2023.
Organised by The communities we operate in.
We work Esplanade, the event hosted 1,466 The Group partnered Asian Medical with social and charitable organisations persons from 42 social service Foundation (AMF), a charity and to reach out to the underprivileged.
agencies supporting socially isolated Institute of a Public Character in Such institutions are often more deeply seniors, women-in-crisis, and Singapore.
The AMF aims to help needy connected to the specific needs and families-in-need.
68 staff from RMG patients and groups requiring medical challenges of the community they volunteered at the event to assist treatments, and to support community serve.
Collaborating with them allows the guests.
The concert was also projects for the vulnerable elderly.
us to have a direct and meaningful made available online and screened impact, contributing to community for 1,085 additional persons on 1 The Group played an active role well-being and development.
We also June 2023.
in raising funds for the AMF Silver encourage our staff to participate Care Fund.
In 2023, the AMF Silver actively in charitable activities.
Angklung Workshops.
AMF Care Fund supported the following sponsored nine Angklung initiatives: workshops held at various senior homes and senior activity centres.
All Day Breakfast.
AMF partnered The objective of the workshop was Kampong Glam Community Club to engage the elderly to socialise to provide breakfasts for less and be active through learning privileged elderly living in one- a simple instrument and playing bedroom rental flats on Saturdays.
simple musical pieces together.
52 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Sustainability Report SOCIAL In cities where we have a stronger presence, we engage the local communities more, and we will continue to leverage on our strength to create value in these communities.
Home+ Monitoring Programme.
Our staff in Singapore mobilised their AMF sponsored 50 elderly to colleagues to come together to hold a participate in Singapore Red Cross  flea market sales event to raise fund Home+ Monitoring Programme.
for the Autism Resource Centre, a Each elderly received a monitoring registered charity in Singapore.
The system to be placed at home   when Centre serves children and adults on unusual patterns are detected or the autism spectrum to help them lead when the elderly activate the panic meaningful and independent lives in button, the Red Cross  Call Centre society through advocacy and provision would be notified immediately and of services in education, employment, assessment could be made, and and empowerment of family caregivers when necessary, help could be and professionals.
dispatched in a timely manner.
To recognise the contributions of staff   AMF Elder Vouchers.
AMF provided who are volunteering for charitable and close to 1,000 elderly living in one- social causes, and to encourage more room rental flats each with a $100 staff to volunteer, the Group adopted a grocery voucher to purchase daily policy to recognise staff volunteering at necessities.
charities.
Raffles Hospital Singapore worked with The Group continues to offer a non-profit self-help group to host a scholarships to foreign and local group of students from lower income students in Singapore tertiary families.
Several representatives from education institutions, and maintain our senior management and various a Bursary Programme for staff s departments received the students.
children to recognise their efforts in Our colleagues shared their own school.
In 2023, the Group awarded 4 personal experiences and journeys scholarships and 16 bursaries.
with the students.
We hoped to give the students more access and exposure outside of their environments, as well Community Engagement FY2023 FY2022 as encouragement and inspiration.
Employee Volunteerism (number of hours) 796 7,176* Our staff at Changi International Community Training Places - number of 2,041 1,599 Airport continued to collaborate with external people / community first responders Changi Airport Group employees to trained run activities for Meta School, which Internship and Clinical Attachments 379 429 is a non-profit organisation that serves students with mild intellectual disability * Volunteerism hours in FY2022 was higher due to Raffles China Healthcare staff volunteering in various events.
and autism spectrum disorders.
53 RRAAFFFFLLEESS MMEEDDIICCAALL GGRROOUUPP SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy RReeppoorrtt GOVERNANCE As a healthcare provider and a company listed on the stock exchange, complying with relevant laws and regulations, including those related to healthcare delivery, listing requirements, labour GOVERNANCE standards, and ethical business practices, is fundamental.
5544 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Sustainability Report GOVERNANCE Corporate Governance Our Position Governance is crucial to us because of the role it holds in ensuring that we deliver healthcare responsibly, ethically, and sustainably, and that we deliver values to our stakeholders.
The governance structures that we put in place, including our Board We strive to constitute and maintain succession planning process that of Directors, our Management a strong Board of Directors.
This identifies high-potential physicians Executive Committee, our Professional involves assessing and refreshing and grooms them for leadership roles.
Governance Committees, are the composition, skills matrix and This involves assessing leadership responsible for setting ethical competencies, and experience of competencies, medical professionalism, guidelines and ensuring that we deliver Board members to ensure that it is and ethics and integrity.
care and operate with integrity.
With well-equipped to address evolving these robust governance structures in Our Progress opportunities and challenges.
A place, we can navigate potential risks robust succession planning process related to regulatory compliance, social has also been established to identify We are appreciative that our efforts, controversies, and environmental potential Board members, ensuring a including those on corporate issues.
smooth transition and continuity of governance, have been recognised.
effective leadership.
We will uphold In 2023, RMG was selected by The Our Approach the reputation and performance of Edge Singapore as the  Overall Sector the Group so that we can continue to Winner  under  Healthcare Services, Our Directors are key to the Group s retain and attract good people.
Pharmaceutical, Biotechnology and effective governance, setting of Medical Research  category.
RMG strategic direction, overseeing the The existing physician leaders possess also received the  Most Transparent management, protecting shareholder impeccable credentials, competence Company Award  for  Healthcare  interests, and making critical decisions and experience, and they are highly category at the Securities Investors that shape the Group s trajectory.
regarded and respected.
To ensure Association of Singapore s (SIAS) 2023 Through robust governance structures, the resilience and effectiveness of our Investors Choice Award, an event that our Directors, together with our senior physician leadership in guiding the recognises excellence in companies management and physician leaders, Group towards sustained success in adopting good corporate governance establish and uphold ethical standards, medical excellence and care delivery, practices.
fostering a culture of integrity within we also strive to identify and groom the Group.
This is particularly relevant physicians for physician leadership in the context of increasing emphasis roles.
We have developed a robust on sustainability considerations.
55 RAFFLES MEDICAL GROUP Sustainability Report GOVERNANCE Feedback and Whistleblowing Code of We collect feedback and complaints from patients and customers, and Conduct these are handled by a designated department in a timely manner.
They will be escalated to the relevant Policies department and, where relevant to the Our Position These are some of the policies we have management, for follow up.
We compile put in place: and analyse the data and provide We take the execution and enforcement monthly reports to the management.
of ethical healthcare delivery, business   Anti-bribery and anti-corruption practices, and operational integrity   Declaration of external business We have in place a whistleblowing seriously.
Ethical practices and and other interests policy and process to allow staff to operational integrity are seen not   Gift declaration raise concerns about wrongdoings or merely as a set of rules or procedures   Supplier Code of Conduct malpractice within the Group which to follow, but as a fundamental aspect   Whistleblowing policy they become aware of.
We encourage of our identity, aligning our values with staff to report whenever they have those of our stakeholders.
Our stance Declaration knowledge, or genuine suspicion of a on any form of bribery, corruption and Our staff are required to declare any wrongdoing occurring in any area of non-compliance is firm.
conflicts of interest yearly to maintain the Group.
All reports will be handled transparency, integrity, and ethical confidentially, sensitively, fairly, and With operations in 14 cities across conduct.
discreetly.
The reports go the Executive five countries in Asia, we deal with a Chairman of the Group and/or wide array of regulations, guidelines Training Chairman of the ARC.
A report on the and codes, as well as a vast number As part of our new staff orientation complaint, findings of the investigation of stakeholders, including regulators.
programme, we conduct training and follow-up actions taken will be We need to, and we strive to, to help new staff understand the submitted to the Board of Directors.
ensure compliance with all relevant importance of ethical decision-making The ARC has the responsibility for regulations, policies, guidelines, and and provide practical guidance on maintaining, reviewing, and updating codes, or we will be exposed to high navigating ethical dilemmas, as well as this policy.
Any changes made to the business and ethical risks, including consequences of misconduct.
We send policy will be notified to the staff.
legal and reputational risks, potential out periodic communications to all financial costs, and erosion of trust.
staff on our expected code of conduct.
Supplier Code of Conduct Ethical practices, codes of governance In late 2023, we mandated more staff We put in place our Supplier Code and conduct together with operational to attend a course on anti-bribery and of Conduct (Code) in 2023.
We integrity help to prevent ethical lapses, anti-corruption to understand the are committed to conducting our misconduct, corruption, and conflicts principles and consequences of bribery businesses and operations with high of interests.
and corruption by first quarter of 2024.
standards of ethics and integrity.
We The course also covers policies related aim to collaborate with our suppliers Our Approach to anti-bribery and anti-corruption.
At to create and maintain a sustainable the end of FY2023, 408 staff (14 per supply chain.
This Code stipulates We have implemented an approach cent of total) have completed the anti- the minimum standards of conduct that combines strong leadership bribery/anti-corruption training course.
which we expect from suppliers with a robust system to enforce Those who are required to attend providing goods and/or services to ethical practices, which includes have until April 2024 to complete the the Group and compliance with the a set of policies and channels for training.
Code is a condition to contract.
It reporting ethical concerns and also applies to all staff, group entities, ensuring anonymity and protection for Internal Audit subcontractors and others who act whistleblowers, and rigorous oversight.
Our internal audit department conducts on suppliers  behalf.
If the standards As part of the approach, regular audits independent audit on operations and requirements imposed under this are conducted to help identify potential and sustainability disclosures.
It also Code are not effectively upheld or ethical lapses and ensure compliance conducts investigation on complaints, met, we reserve the right to suspend with regulations.
misconducts, and whistleblowing.
any contract or agreement with the supplier until satisfactory improvement is demonstrated.
56 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Sustainability Report GOVERNANCE Our Progress Cyber Security and Data Protection We have put in place a robust framework and have attained ISO 27001 certification for our information security management system.
The personnel and ensuring that each user Our Position Group has been audited against the has the appropriate level of access Monetary Authority of Singapore based on their role within the Group.
We serve more than 2.8 million patients Technology Risk Management and more than 7,000 corporate Framework.
The safeguard measures also serve to customers.
And we are growing.
protect patient data during storage, Accordingly, patient data, i.e. patient The security technologies that we have transmission, and processing.
We will medical records, is ranked at the apex put in place include various firewalls regularly update our security protocols of security measures and protection to prevent intrusions and exploits, and to align with industry best practices due to the sensitive nature of the security monitoring, among others.
To and this helps the Group keep abreast information involved and potential supplement our efforts, we engaged of emerging security threats and consequences of unauthorised access.
external experts to advise the Group strengthens the overall resilience of our on IT security-related matters.
data protection measures.
Maintaining the confidentiality and integrity of patient data is of utmost During orientation, we also put As security is only as strong as people s importance.
Breaches in patient data, our staff through orientation and understanding of why security matters, and patient record system, are serious e-training to provide them with IT we conduct regular staff training on privacy violations.
It is not just a legal security knowledge, and they are also cybersecurity best practices to raise and ethical imperative.
Reputation, provided with regular updates on the awareness of security issues and confidence, and trust built over the latest cyber-security threats and best create a robust security culture.
This years could be severely eroded.
practices.
reinforces the measures to create a robust framework for safeguarding We are mindful that we remain In 2023, the Group was awarded patient data and maintaining the vulnerable to acts of mischiefs or the Cyber Essentials Mark by Cyber integrity of healthcare records.
acts of cyber threats.
We do not view Security Agency of Singapore.
cyber risk as static, and cyber risk never goes away.
We believe cyber- criminals are constantly looking out Membership in for vulnerabilities and evolving their methods to exploit newly exposed Associations loopholes and vulnerabilities.
We believe that only by taking a dynamic forward-looking stance can we keep As part of our commitment to   Singapore Nursing Board up with the state of play and mitigate excellence, we join professional (Insurance/ overseas) disruptions in the future.
associations that contribute to   Traditional Chinese Medicine upholding quality, ethics, and Practitioner s Board Our Approach professionalism within healthcare.
In   Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine places where we have operations, these We adhere to security-related best China are some of the associations that we are practices adopted by the Healthcare   Society of Paediatric Research members of and Financial Services industries.
To   International Society of safeguard patient data and record, Singapore Haemodialysis we have put in place cybersecurity   Alpha Omega Alpha Honour   International Society of Peritoneal measures, including access controls, Medical Society Dialysis traffic surveillance and monitoring,   Duke-NUS Medical School   American Federation of Medical regular audits, and staff training on data   Lee Kong Chian School of Medicine Research security protocols.
For example, robust   Singapore Dental Council Japan access controls involve limiting access   Singapore Medical Association   Japan Medical Association to patient records only to authorised   Singapore Medical Council   All Japan Hospital Association   Singapore Nursing Association 57 RRAAFFFFLLEESS MMEEDDIICCAALL GGRROOUUPP SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy RReeppoorrtt ENVIRONMENT We believe that by doing the right things, and doing things right, we can contribute to our environment.
Our business is healthcare and about our people, but our actions also have effects and consequences for people ENVIRONMENT who are not immediately involved with the Group and outside of the Group.
5588 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Sustainability Report ENVIRONMENT Water & Energy We are committed to making appropriate energy and water consumption choices so that we can reduce energy and water wastage and reduce over-consumption.
Maintaining and accessing medical Our Position Our Approach records.
Our patient data is stored electronically.
A continuous Delivering healthcare, especially Based on our 2023 survey of energy supply ensures that running hospitals, needs reliable supply stakeholders, close to 90 per cent of medical records are accessible and of (clean) water and energy.
While we participants said that  clinical quality  and kept up-to-date, contributing to have ready access to water and energy  patient safety  were  very important  to in the places where we operate, we them.
effective patient care.
are mindful that they are important Reliable supply of water and energy is   Storing pharmaceuticals.
Many and valuable resources and that in essential for our hospitals and clinics to medications and vaccines require many other places, these are scarce provide continuous, high-quality patient refrigeration to maintain their resources.
care, maintain sanitation standards, and effectiveness.
A stable energy ensure the proper functioning of critical supply ensures that these critical We are committed to making medical equipment and systems.
pharmaceuticals are stored at the appropriate energy and water necessary temperatures.
consumption choices so that we can We need reliable supply of energy for, reduce energy and water wastage among others, We also need reliable clean water and reduce over-consumption.
We supply, as this is essential for, among strive to balance our needs and ESG   Delivering patient care.
Our others, maintaining proper hygiene considerations.
We are mindful that hospitals, and our clinics to a lesser within our hospitals and clinics.
not appropriately managed, these extent, rely on medical equipment, It is crucial for sterilising medical contribute to more emissions.
many of which require stable energy equipment, cleaning facilities, and supply.
These include life-support preventing the spread of infections.
systems, diagnostic machines, and monitoring devices.
Also, many As such, our approach is granular   we areas within hospitals, such as look at ways to achieve better efficiency operating rooms and patient wards, in areas where the quality of healthcare require regulated temperatures, delivery and patient safety will not be which often involves heating, compromised.
ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) systems that depend on a stable energy supply.
59 RAFFLES MEDICAL GROUP Sustainability Report ENVIRONMENT On Energy To allow us to monitor energy Our Progress The consumption of energy remained usage, our hospitals in Chongqing On Water stable.
Neither the return of more and Shanghai have installed energy Consumption of water at our facilities patients to our facilities, nor staff to the management systems to monitor only increased marginally even when office, resulted in a significant increase energy usage in real-time.
in energy consumption.
This was within more patients came for services and our expectation   in terms of energy treatments, and more staff returned to On appliances and equipment, consumption, we have been mindful of the office since 2022.
With effect from including for medical procedures energy management and maintaining FY2023, we will be using revenue as our and laboratory work, where practical efficiency.
With effect from FY2023, base for calculating water consumption and available, we purchased, and will we will be using revenue as our base intensity, instead of GFA, as this is a continue to purchase, those that are for calculating energy consumption more meaningful approach.
rated energy efficient.
We continue to intensity, instead of GFA, as this is a ensure that appliances and equipment more meaningful approach.
We installed a new water treatment are maintained regularly so that they system for cooling equipment at operate efficiently and safely, thus For larger facilities, it is important to Raffles Hospital Singapore.
With this reducing energy wastage.
have energy efficient HVAC systems.
new system, we are able to reduce We installed a hybrid DC inverter air water wastage and the use of chemical Our newer facilities in Singapore conditioning system at Raffles Hospital in our cooling tower maintenance.
Singapore.
This system collects thermal have been fitted with energy efficient Our Raffles Hospital Chongqing and energy from the surrounding and lighting fixtures from the onset.
We Raffles Hospital Shanghai, being newer the outdoor air conditioning units started replacing existing lighting facilities, have installed similar systems and uses this energy to maintain the fixtures with energy efficient ones in from the onset.
pressure in the compressor, thereby our older facilities.
For our hospitals reducing energy consumption to run in Beijing, Shanghai and Chongqing, We ensured that regular and timely the refrigeration cycle.
For our three they were fitted with energy efficient inspection and maintenance of hospitals in China, we installed energy lighting fixtures from the onset.
plumbing systems in all our facilities efficient HVAC systems from the were carried out.
This helped, and onset.
We continue to carry out regular We will continue to implement will continue to help, to address leaks maintenance of our HVAC systems measures, and look out for innovative and potential leaks promptly, and to at our facilities to obtain optimal solutions, that will help us improve our prevent water wastage.
performance.
energy and water consumption, thus reducing wastage.
We also believe behavioural solutions, including shifting of mindsets and changing of habits, are important to sustainability, and these will have lasting positive impacts inside and outside our facilities.
In 2023, we started sending regular emails to our staff on various sustainability and conservation matters.
We will continue to promote greater awareness of ESG, including water and Water consumed FY2023 FY2022 energy conservation.
Total water consumed by the Group (Cu M) 161,192.4 157,398.0 Water consumption intensity 0.23 0.19 (Cu M/revenue S$ 000) Energy consumed FY2023 FY2022 Total electricity consumed by the Group (MWh) 28,689.6 28,404.1 Energy consumption intensity 0.04 0.03 (MWh/revenue S$ 000) 60 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy RReeppoorrtt ENVIRONMENT Environmental Compliance to the healthcare industry.
As health Managing Biohazard Waste Our Position regulations and environmental We adhere to the strict regulations and regulations are subject to change, guidelines governing the disposal of Being environmentally compliant we have colleagues who monitor medical waste and biohazard waste in means adhering to specific regulations developments to help us keep abreast Singapore and in all other jurisdictions and standards that are in place to of changes that may affect our where we operate.
The strict manage and treat waste specific to the operations.
requirements are there to ensure the healthcare sector, as well as general safety of patients, staff, and the public, regulations on the management and We pro-actively engage regulators.
We as well as to protect the environment.
treatment of general waste.
We deem maintain open communication with environmental compliance important for relevant health and environmental Dealing with Suppliers minimising the impact of our activities We are mindful that besides what regulators to, among others, promptly on our ecosystems, air and water quality, we produce from our operations seek guidance and clarification on and overall environmental health.
and activities, our supply chain   the regulations.
production and transportation of Our Approach Conducting Environmental Audits pharmaceuticals, chemicals, medical We conduct regular environmental devices and hospital equipment, etc.
We produce certain amount of general audits of Raffles Hospital Singapore also produces wastes and emissions.
waste and biohazard waste from to assess compliance with applicable our operations and activities.
As a regulations.
These audits help us to Training Staff and Creating Awareness healthcare provider, we comply strictly We provide training to relevant staff so identify areas of improvement and with regulatory requirements for that they understand the healthcare- ascertain that our operations align with patient safety and quality of healthcare.
related environmental policies and regulatory requirements.
These regulations, which often dictate procedures, and the actions that they specific procedures and protocols, can Managing Emissions need to take in order to maintain lead to waste generation.
For example, We believe we need to work with, and compliance.
infection control and preventive obtain advice and input from, domain measures often require the use of experts that have the knowledge, Investing in Technologies and Sustainable Practices disposable items, such as single-use practical experience, technology, and We are open to investing in technology medical devices and equipment, as who are tracking developments in the and sustainable practices that can well as personal protective equipment.
space closely.
help us reduce our impact on the While these items contribute to patient Managing General Waste environment.
safety (and the safety of physicians and We provide ongoing education to staff), they turn into  waste  after use.
hospital staff on waste management Understanding Applicable Regulations best practices.
This includes proper In Singapore and in the other cities sorting, disposal, and handling of where we operate, we strive to identify different types of waste.
We strongly and understand the environmental encourage our staff to print less and regulations (national level, and local recycle paper.
level, where applicable) that apply 61 RAFFLES MEDICAL GROUP Sustainability Report ENVIRONMENT Our Progress These are some of the additional practices that we have adopted to enhance our environmental compliance, reduce our environmental impact, and contribute to sustainable and responsible business practices: Managing Emissions We engaged an external consultant that provides services on tracking Managing Biohazard Waste Dealing with Suppliers and calculating emissions.
With this, We continue to adhere to the strict We introduced our  Supplier Code we are able to plan towards reducing regulations and guidelines governing of Conduct  and registered our emissions.
FY2023 is our baseline the disposal of medical waste and requirements and expectations by year for tracking Scope 1 and Scope 2 biohazard waste in Singapore and getting our suppliers to acknowledge emissions.
in our overseas facilities.
The strict our  Supplier Code of Conduct .
A copy requirements are there to ensure the of this Code is available on our website.
GHG Emissions (tCO2e): safety of patients, staff, and the public, Scope 1 emissions as well as to protect the environment.
Group: 1,644.9 The amount of biohazard waste Singapore: 239.9 generated by the Group in 2022 China: 1,405.0 was higher than in 2023 was due to COVID-19 activities, where significant Scope 2 emissions amount of swabs and vaccinations Group: 17,489.2 were done, and personal protection Singapore: 6,976.6 equipment (including disposable masks, China: 10,512.6 gloves and gowns) were used.
Managing General Waste Waste generated by the Group (metric ton) FY2023 FY2022 General waste 796.1 830.8 Paper consumed by the Group (metric ton) FY2023 FY2022 Paper consumed 43.6 46.0 Recycling by the Group (metric ton) FY2023 FY2022 Paper recycling 129.6 83.0 Plastic recycling 0.6 0.7 Our efforts to encourage more re- Metal recycling 1.2 0.8 cycling continued to produce good results.
We have been making conscious Biohazard waste generated by the Group FY2023 FY2022 efforts to recycle paper.
Significant (metric ton) results were achieved in 2023 where we recycled 129.6 tons of paper, which Biohazard waste 1,748.5 2,060.5 was 56 per cent higher than what we achieved in 2022.
Likewise, outside of medical consumables, we have been pushing for the use of less plastic, including bottled water.
Thus, there was a reduction of about 100 kg of plastic waste in 2023.
62 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Sustainability Report ENVIRONMENT Sustainability Adaptation and Mitigation Part of our adaptation and mitigation efforts is to support government initiatives, and work closely with business partners, including government agencies, that are championing sustainability.
at the Enhanced Vehicular Emissions Our operations in China will align Our Position Scheme (VES) at an appropriate time.
with relevant policies that promote sustainability.
What we are doing in adaptation, as The Chinese Government is also in mitigation, is to continue to identify actively integrating climate change Our Progress those measures that we can quickly priorities into its overall plan for embark on, some of which some could promoting economic and social We are studying the installation of EV be adopted with relative ease.
development.
Among others, China charging stations at Raffles Hospital has fine-tuned policies at the national Singapore to support our visitors Our Approach and local levels for the control of and staff who drive EVs.
Also, we will total energy consumption and energy transit our ambulance fleets across our Part of our adaptation and mitigation consumption intensity, management facilities to cleaner energy vehicles.
efforts is to support government of targets for energy consumption initiatives, and work closely with intensity reduction, and those to business partners, including promote energy-saving technologies, government agencies, that are including building energy efficiency.
championing sustainability.
The Singapore Government is pro- active in preparing Singapore for the impact of climate change.
It has launched many go-green initiatives and net-zero initiatives.
For our Singapore operations, we are open to supporting relevant initiatives.
For example, we supported the Singapore Public Utilities Board s (PUB) Smart Water Meter Programme.
Also, we will look 63 RAFFLES MEDICAL GROUP Sustainability Report TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES Task Force On Climate-Related Financial Disclosures This section covers RMG s report on   RMG s Board and the ARC provide The Locations Task Force on Climate-related Financial the corporate governance oversight of Our Hospitals Disclosures (TCFD).
We focus this to ensure that ESG considerations section on our hospital operations and sustainability material issues When deciding where to have our in Singapore and China, as we deem continue to be integrated into hospitals, factors such as accessibility them to be material based on the scale the Group s business strategy as to patients, access to energy supply, of operations.
This report covers the appropriate.
access to water supply, susceptibility financial year ended 31 December to flooding, access to sewage are 2023.
The ARC is responsible for, among important considerations for us.
Our others, sustainability.
The ARC hospitals in Singapore and China We are committed to sustainability, provides strategic direction to, and are situated in ideal locations   they and we have shared our position, our oversight of, our ESG priorities are accessible to patients by public approach, and our progress (which will and commitments, including transportation, the immediate areas be updated from time to time) in the our environmental sustainability are less susceptible to flooding, they earlier sections.
strategy and climate-related efforts, are not directly affected by rising sea risk management and internal level, and they are in areas with healthy This section covers our journey to controls, social responsibility energy grids and water distribution assess and determine climate- program, and our risk, ethics, and systems.
related risks and opportunities, and compliance programs.
to anticipate our responses to a A. Governance probabilistic trajectory, i.e. how climate-   The Management reports to the (Disclose the organisation s governance change could impact our strategy and ARC on the Group s alignment with around climate-related risks and the way we conduct business (deliver relevant sustainability obligations opportunities) quality healthcare).
and the Group s sustainability performance.
(a) Describe the board s oversight As the net-zero space continues to of climate-related risks and B. Strategy evolve, we will continue to build our opportunities.
(Disclose the actual and potential knowledge on climate-change, as well impacts of climate-related risks and as monitor regulatory requirements (b) Describe the management s role in opportunities on the organisation s and changes.
We shall regularly review assessing and managing climate- businesses, strategy, and financial and update what we have put forth and related risks and opportunities.
planning where such information is will approach external domain experts, material.
) when required.
We have provided our Board Statement on sustainability, which states the (a) Describe the climate-related risks Board s role and responsibility on and opportunities the organisation sustainability, and our Sustainability has identified over the short, Governance Approach, which states our medium, and long term.
management s role and responsibility on sustainability, including climate- related risks and opportunities.
In brief: 64 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Sustainability Report TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES (b) Describe the impact of climate- For a private healthcare provider, We reference the IPCC s Special related risks and opportunities the temperature rise of 1.5 C is an Report on Global Warming of on the organisation s businesses, adequate scenario for us to make 1.5 C (October 2018),  These risks strategy, and financial planning.
climate-related risks and opportunities depend on the magnitude and rate of assessments.
While climate change is warming, geographic location, levels Our baseline year for TCFD reporting is a global process, it has both local and of development and vulnerability, and FY2023.
For the 2023 exercise, we took regional impacts on communities.
We on the choices and implementation of reference from the Recommendations are focused on places where we have adaptation and mitigation options.
of the TCFD (Final Report), which material operations.
divides climate-related risks into two Should we come to operate more major categories: We are mindful that the 1.5 C threshold hospitals, we will assess and decide describes a long-term average rather whether such operations are material   Risks related to transition to than a single-year anomaly and the and whether to include them.
a lower-carbon economy.
The measure will always be backward- TCFD sees transitioning to a looking, with the precise moment the   We expect prices for energy and lower-carbon economy to entail world crossed the 1.5 C mark clear water to continue to increase.
This extensive policy, legal, technology, only in retrospect.
will be a common challenge for all and market changes to address businesses - more for some, and mitigation and adaptation We note that the Intergovernmental less for others.
requirements related to climate Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) said in change.
its Special Report on Global Warming As a healthcare operator, in particular of 1.5 C (October 2018) that,  Multiple hospitals operator, we must be able to   Risks related to the physical forms of knowledge, including continue to provide high-quality patient impacts of climate change.
The scientific evidence, narrative scenarios care and ensure patient safety.
We will TCFD sees physical risks resulting and prospective pathways, inform the consume these resources mindfully, from climate change to be event understanding of 1.5 C,  and,  There responsibly, and adapt accordingly.
driven (acute) or longer-term is no single answer to the question of As such, we will not list them in our shifts (chronic) in climate patterns.
whether it is feasible to limit warming to climate-related risks/opportunities.
Physical risks may have financial 1.5 C and adapt to the consequences.
implications, such as direct damage From the entity risk assessment to assets and indirect impacts from   We are looking at our four exercise, we gathered a preliminary supply chain disruption.
hospitals in Singapore (one) and list of climate-related risks.
We also China (three), and the climate- conducted a preliminary climate- We note that the TCFD Final Report related risks and opportunities of related opportunities screening.
also sees efforts to mitigate and adapt these hospitals.
The preliminary list of risks and to climate change to also produce opportunities, and possible financial opportunities, and that climate-related For our hospitals in China, instead of impacts, are tabled below.
opportunities may vary depending on treating them as  one  entity, because the region, market, and industry.
they are located in one country, we We regard these as preliminary as are treating them as three separate these were derived based on certain For our TCFD report, we have adopted entities as they are located in distinctly information available to us at the point the following parameters: different regions (different latitudes of the exercises, as well as the operating and different proximities to the sea/ contexts we were in.
Time horizon.
water bodies, among other things), Short-term: Up until 2030 which may present each with different We will review the list of climate- Medium-term: 2031 to 2040 climate-related risks and opportunities.
related risks and opportunities after Long-term: Beyond 2040 Treating them as separate entities each entity risk assessment exercise, or makes it more meaningful for us to when new information is available and   Climate-related scenario.
review and update assessments moving when operating conditions evolve.
Mean global temperature rise of forward.
1.5 Celsius above pre-industrial levels.
65 RAFFLES MEDICAL GROUP Sustainability Report TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES Business type: Healthcare services provider   Regulated by the health authorities of the jurisdictions that we operate in, and the local health bureaus, where relevant, on healthcare services delivery and provision of auxiliary services.
Regulated by the health authorities and other relevant authorities on the registration of physicians, nurses, allied health professionals and other professionals.
Regulated by the health authorities and other relevant authorities on waste (including biohazard waste) management and disposal.
Material Operations: Singapore, China Climate-related Risks Singapore Beijing Chongqing Shanghai Transitional Risks Types Possible changes Possible impact Possible impact Possible impact Possible impact Policy & Legal   More policy and regulatory changes   On-going: More resources required   On-going: More resources required to consult, track and meet relevant (and applicable) policy and regulatory requirements relating to emissions, energy- to consult, track and meet relevant efficiency, water-efficiency.
(and applicable) policy and regulatory requirements.
More onerous emissions reporting   On-going: More resources required   On-going: More resources required to fulfil relevant (and applicable) reporting requirements.
requirements.
to consult and to fulfil relevant (and applicable) reporting requirements.
Technology   More effective renewable energy   Mid-term: May require capital   Mid-term: May require capital   Short to Mid-term: May require capital   Short to Mid-term: May require capital technology comes into market.
investment in adopting renewable investment in adopting renewable investment in adopting renewable investment in adopting renewable energy technology (e.g. solar panels).
energy technology (e.g. solar panels).
energy technology (e.g. solar panels).
energy technology (e.g. solar panels).
Market   More demand for healthcare services   Short-term: More resources required   Short-term: More resources required   Short-term: More resources required   Short-term: More resources required related to climate change and for expanding services and capacities, for expanding services and capacities, for expanding services and capacities, for expanding services and capacities, environment deterioration.
including telemedicine, to treat including telemedicine, to treat including telemedicine, to treat including telemedicine, to treat illness related to climate change and illness related to climate change and illness related to climate change and illness related to climate change and environment deterioration.
environment deterioration.
environment deterioration.
environment deterioration.
Short-term: Need to retain existing and   Short-term: Need to retain existing   Short-term: Need to retain existing   Short-term: Need to retain existing / or look for more physicians / nurses / and / or look for more physicians / and / or look for more physicians / and / or look for more physicians / allied health professionals with relevant nurses / allied health professionals nurses / allied health professionals nurses / allied health professionals expertise, training, experience.
with relevant expertise, training, with relevant expertise, training, with relevant expertise, training, experience.
experience.
experience.
Reputational   Ability to meet demand for   Short-term: More resources required   Short-term: More resources required   Short-term: More resources required   Short-term: More resources required healthcare services for illness related for expanding services and capacities, for expanding services and capacities for expanding services and capacities for expanding services and capacities to climate change and environment including telemedicine, in a timely in a timely manner to treat illness in a timely manner to treat illness in timely manner to treat illness related deterioration in a timely manner.
manner to treat illness related to related to climate change and related to climate change and to climate change and environment climate change and environment environment deterioration.
environment deterioration.
deterioration.
deterioration.
66 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Sustainability Report TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES Business type: Healthcare services provider   Regulated by the health authorities of the jurisdictions that we operate in, and the local health bureaus, where relevant, on healthcare services delivery and provision of auxiliary services.
Regulated by the health authorities and other relevant authorities on the registration of physicians, nurses, allied health professionals and other professionals.
Regulated by the health authorities and other relevant authorities on waste (including biohazard waste) management and disposal.
Material Operations: Singapore, China Climate-related Risks Singapore Beijing Chongqing Shanghai Transitional Risks Types Possible changes Possible impact Possible impact Possible impact Possible impact Policy & Legal   More policy and regulatory changes   On-going: More resources required   On-going: More resources required to consult, track and meet relevant (and applicable) policy and regulatory requirements relating to emissions, energy- to consult, track and meet relevant efficiency, water-efficiency.
(and applicable) policy and regulatory requirements.
More onerous emissions reporting   On-going: More resources required   On-going: More resources required to fulfil relevant (and applicable) reporting requirements.
requirements.
to consult and to fulfil relevant (and applicable) reporting requirements.
Technology   More effective renewable energy   Mid-term: May require capital   Mid-term: May require capital   Short to Mid-term: May require capital   Short to Mid-term: May require capital technology comes into market.
investment in adopting renewable investment in adopting renewable investment in adopting renewable investment in adopting renewable energy technology (e.g. solar panels).
energy technology (e.g. solar panels).
energy technology (e.g. solar panels).
energy technology (e.g. solar panels).
Market   More demand for healthcare services   Short-term: More resources required   Short-term: More resources required   Short-term: More resources required   Short-term: More resources required related to climate change and for expanding services and capacities, for expanding services and capacities, for expanding services and capacities, for expanding services and capacities, environment deterioration.
including telemedicine, to treat including telemedicine, to treat including telemedicine, to treat including telemedicine, to treat illness related to climate change and illness related to climate change and illness related to climate change and illness related to climate change and environment deterioration.
environment deterioration.
environment deterioration.
environment deterioration.
Short-term: Need to retain existing and   Short-term: Need to retain existing   Short-term: Need to retain existing   Short-term: Need to retain existing / or look for more physicians / nurses / and / or look for more physicians / and / or look for more physicians / and / or look for more physicians / allied health professionals with relevant nurses / allied health professionals nurses / allied health professionals nurses / allied health professionals expertise, training, experience.
with relevant expertise, training, with relevant expertise, training, with relevant expertise, training, experience.
experience.
experience.
Reputational   Ability to meet demand for   Short-term: More resources required   Short-term: More resources required   Short-term: More resources required   Short-term: More resources required healthcare services for illness related for expanding services and capacities, for expanding services and capacities for expanding services and capacities for expanding services and capacities to climate change and environment including telemedicine, in a timely in a timely manner to treat illness in a timely manner to treat illness in timely manner to treat illness related deterioration in a timely manner.
manner to treat illness related to related to climate change and related to climate change and to climate change and environment climate change and environment environment deterioration.
environment deterioration.
deterioration.
deterioration.
67 RAFFLES MEDICAL GROUP Sustainability Report TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES Climate-related Risks Singapore Beijing Chongqing Shanghai Types Possible changes Possible impact Possible impact Possible impact Possible impact Physical Risks Acute   Increased severity of extreme   On-going: Higher costs due to   On-going: Higher costs due to   On-going: Higher costs due to   On-going: Higher costs due to weather events.
negative impacts on workforce negative impacts on workforce negative impacts on workforce negative impacts on workforce (e.g. health, safety, absenteeism).
(e.g. health, safety, absenteeism).
(e.g. health, safety, absenteeism).
(e.g. health, safety, absenteeism).
Chronic   Rising mean temperature.
Mid to Long-term: Higher costs due   Mid to Long-term: Higher costs due   Mid to Long-term: Higher costs due   Mid to Long-term: Higher costs due to negative impacts on workforce to negative impacts on workforce to negative impacts on workforce to negative impacts on workforce (e.g. health, safety, absenteeism).
(e.g. health, safety, absenteeism).
(e.g. health, safety, absenteeism).
(e.g. health, safety, absenteeism).
Climate-related Opportunities Singapore Beijing Chongqing Shanghai Types Possible changes Possible impact Possible impact Possible impact Possible impact Products &   Providing more services to meet   Mid to Long-term: Increased revenue   Mid to Long-term: Increased   Mid to Long-term: Increased   Mid to Long-term: Increased Services higher demand for treatments for from providing care and follow up revenue from providing care and revenue from providing care and revenue from providing care and illness related to climate change services.
follow up services.
follow up services.
follow up services.
and environment deterioration.
On-going: Reputational benefits   On-going: Reputational benefits   On-going: Reputational benefits   On-going: Reputational benefits resulting in increased demand for resulting in increased demand for resulting in increased demand for resulting in increased demand for care and follow up services.
care and follow up services.
care and follow up services.
care and follow up services.
Markets   Providing care and services to new   Mid to Long-term: Increased revenue   Mid to Long-term: Increased   Mid to Long-term: Increased   Mid to Long-term: Increased market segments.
from providing care and follow up revenue from providing care and revenue from providing care and revenue from providing care and services.
follow up services.
follow up services.
follow up services.
On-going: Reputational benefits   On-going: Reputational benefits   On-going: Reputational benefits   On-going: Reputational benefits resulting in increased demand for resulting in increased demand for resulting in increased demand for resulting in increased demand for care and follow up services.
care and follow up services.
care and follow up services.
care and follow up services.
Resilience   Collaborating with government to   On-going: Increased revenue from   On-going: Reputational benefits   On-going: Reputational benefits   On-going: Reputational benefits provide care and follow up services providing care and follow up services.
resulting in increased demand for resulting in increased demand for resulting in increased demand for for wider population.
On-going: Reputational benefits care and follow up services.
care and follow up services.
care and follow up services.
resulting in increased demand for care and follow up services.
68 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Sustainability Report TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES Climate-related Risks Singapore Beijing Chongqing Shanghai Types Possible changes Possible impact Possible impact Possible impact Possible impact Physical Risks Acute   Increased severity of extreme   On-going: Higher costs due to   On-going: Higher costs due to   On-going: Higher costs due to   On-going: Higher costs due to weather events.
negative impacts on workforce negative impacts on workforce negative impacts on workforce negative impacts on workforce (e.g. health, safety, absenteeism).
(e.g. health, safety, absenteeism).
(e.g. health, safety, absenteeism).
(e.g. health, safety, absenteeism).
Chronic   Rising mean temperature.
Mid to Long-term: Higher costs due   Mid to Long-term: Higher costs due   Mid to Long-term: Higher costs due   Mid to Long-term: Higher costs due to negative impacts on workforce to negative impacts on workforce to negative impacts on workforce to negative impacts on workforce (e.g. health, safety, absenteeism).
(e.g. health, safety, absenteeism).
(e.g. health, safety, absenteeism).
(e.g. health, safety, absenteeism).
Climate-related Opportunities Singapore Beijing Chongqing Shanghai Types Possible changes Possible impact Possible impact Possible impact Possible impact Products &   Providing more services to meet   Mid to Long-term: Increased revenue   Mid to Long-term: Increased   Mid to Long-term: Increased   Mid to Long-term: Increased Services higher demand for treatments for from providing care and follow up revenue from providing care and revenue from providing care and revenue from providing care and illness related to climate change services.
follow up services.
follow up services.
follow up services.
and environment deterioration.
On-going: Reputational benefits   On-going: Reputational benefits   On-going: Reputational benefits   On-going: Reputational benefits resulting in increased demand for resulting in increased demand for resulting in increased demand for resulting in increased demand for care and follow up services.
care and follow up services.
care and follow up services.
care and follow up services.
Markets   Providing care and services to new   Mid to Long-term: Increased revenue   Mid to Long-term: Increased   Mid to Long-term: Increased   Mid to Long-term: Increased market segments.
from providing care and follow up revenue from providing care and revenue from providing care and revenue from providing care and services.
follow up services.
follow up services.
follow up services.
On-going: Reputational benefits   On-going: Reputational benefits   On-going: Reputational benefits   On-going: Reputational benefits resulting in increased demand for resulting in increased demand for resulting in increased demand for resulting in increased demand for care and follow up services.
care and follow up services.
care and follow up services.
care and follow up services.
Resilience   Collaborating with government to   On-going: Increased revenue from   On-going: Reputational benefits   On-going: Reputational benefits   On-going: Reputational benefits provide care and follow up services providing care and follow up services.
resulting in increased demand for resulting in increased demand for resulting in increased demand for for wider population.
On-going: Reputational benefits care and follow up services.
care and follow up services.
care and follow up services.
resulting in increased demand for care and follow up services.
(c) Describe the resilience of the resilience of our strategy through make critical decisions that shape the organisation s strategy, taking into our ability and capacity to navigate Group s trajectory.
We continue to consideration different climate- uncertainties, adapt to change, and foster a close working relationship related scenarios, including a 2 C maintain effectiveness.
between the Board and Management or lower scenario.
in planning scenarios, developing We believe our enhanced ERM policies, managing risks, anticipating We regularly assess our framework framework contributes to us making and responding to external disruptions for formulating our organisation resilient strategy.
We adopt a to stay ahead of potential challenges.
strategy to ensure its resilience, group-wide approach towards risk Our physician leaders contribute comprehensiveness, effectiveness, and management.
towards the Group s sustained success relevance.
Our strategy is grounded in medical excellence and care delivery.
in a strong foundation of values, a We will continue to uphold our core Our competent, knowledgeable, skilled, clear sense of purpose, and immense institutions.
We strive to continue to and well-trained staff continue to experience of the people of Raffles, constitute a strong and experienced contribute to the efficient operations providing a guiding framework even Board of Directors to provide strategic of our facilities.
during turbulent times.
Through the direction, oversee management, years, we have demonstrated the protect shareholder interests, and 69 RAFFLES MEDICAL GROUP Sustainability Report TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES We have also been developing resilient (b) Describe the organisation s D. Metrics and Targets capabilities.
Among others, we have processes for managing climate- (Disclose the metrics and targets used built our capability to handle surges in related risks.
to assess and manage relevant climate- demand, fostering a more agile response related risks and opportunities where to healthcare-related challenges, From the risk assessment exercise that such information is material.
) adapting our processes to increase we conduct yearly, we would identify reach and capability, promoting new a preliminary list of risks, including (a) Disclose the metrics used by the technologies (telemedicine), and climate-related transition risks and organisation to assess climate- ensuring capacity training for staff.
physical risks and preliminarily assess related risks and opportunities their possible impacts on our business, in line with its strategy and risk C. Risk Management including financial and operations.
management process.
(Disclose how the organisation identifies, assesses, and manages Our business heads scan for risks, Please refer to the earlier section, climate-related risks.
) including climate-related risks, and  Approach to Sustainability , of this formulate detailed action plans for the report for our pillars and material (a) Describe the organisation s Group s key risks events.
They report topics.
processes for identifying and to the ERM function as per our ERM assessing climate-related risks.
framework.
The ERM Head coordinates (b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and if risk management activities and risk appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse We adopt a group-wide approach to information flow across the Group.
At gas (GHG) emissions, and the risk management.
The Group worked the MRC, which oversees our ERM, related risks.
with an established external consultant deliberations, planning, and decision to review and enhance our ERM making will be undertaken.
The GHG emissions for our Group for framework, including risk governance FY2023 were: structure.
We have since enhanced The MRC reports to the ARC.
The our ERM framework, including the Group works towards integrating   Group Scope 1 emissions: methodology, to identify and assess climate-related risks and opportunities 1,644.9 (tCO2e) risks, including climate-related risks.
into the Group s strategy, respective business unit s operational strategies,   Group Scope 2 emissions: The respective business heads are as well as the Group s business 17,489.2 (tCO2e) accountable for enterprise risks.
They continuity planning.
The MRC ensures identify, measure and escalate risk that such strategies are integrated and We will continue to explore various information to the ERM function, who executed.
suppliers of water and energy, including coordinates risk management activities purchasing from different grid operators and risk information flow across the (c) Describe how processes for and suppliers where available, or Group.
The ERM Head reports to the identifying, assessing, and blend our energy consumption with Management Risk Committee (MRC).
managing climate-related risks are renewable energy.
We will consume integrated into the organisation s these resources mindfully and We continue to conduct regular overall risk management.
responsibly and adapt accordingly.
Enterprise Risk Assessment exercise at least once a year to keep up to date on Processes for identifying, assessing, (c) Describe the targets used by the our risks.
We will also review our ERM and managing risks, including climate- organisation to manage climate- framework from time to time to ensure related risks, form part of our ERM related risks and opportunities and its relevance and to keep up to date framework.
We have added the performance against targets.
with regulatory requirements.
environment dimension in our risk identification process, risk assessment Please refer to the earlier section, process, risk treatment, risk monitoring,  Approach to Sustainability , of this and risk reporting.
report.
70 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Sustainability Report GRI CONTENT INDEX GRI CONTENT INDEX Statement of Use RMG has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for FY2023 with reference to the GRI Standards.
GRI 1 used GRI 1: Foundation 2021 GRI Standard Disclosure Location GRI 2: 2-1 Organizational details About Raffles Medical Group p.2 General Disclosures Operations Review p.26 2021 2-2 Entities included in the organization s sustainability About Raffles Medical Group p.2 reporting Sustainability Report p.34 2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point Sustainability Report p.34 2-4 Restatements of information Environment p.60 2-5 External assurance External assurance has not been sought for this report.
We may consider seeking external assurance for future reports.
2-6 Activities, value chain and other business About Raffles Medical Group p.2 relationships Financial Highlights p.8 Financial Report p.112 2-7 Employees About Raffles Medical Group p.2 Our Targets and Performance Highlights p.41 Our Staff p.48 2-8 Workers who are not employees Information unavailable.
Further analysis required.
2-9 Governance structure and composition Board Statement p.36 Governance on Sustainability and Risk p.44 Corporate Governance Report p.77 2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest Board Statement p.36 governance body Governance on Sustainability and Risk p.44 Corporate Governance Report p.77 2-11 Chair of the highest governance body Board Statement p.36 Governance on Sustainability and Risk p.44 Corporate Governance Report p.77 2-12 Role of the highest governance body in Board Statement p.36 overseeing the management of impacts Governance on Sustainability and Risk p.44 Corporate Governance Report p.77 2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts Board Statement p.36 Governance on Sustainability and Risk p.44 Corporate Governance Report p.77 2-14 Role of the highest governance body in Board Statement p.36 sustainability reporting Governance on Sustainability and Risk p.44 Corporate Governance Report p.77 2-14 Role of the highest governance body in Governance on Sustainability and Risk p.44 sustainability reporting Corporate Governance Report p.77 2-16 Communication of critical concerns Governance on Sustainability and Risk p.44 Corporate Governance Report p.77 2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance Corporate Governance Report p.77 body 2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest Corporate Governance Report p.89 governance body 2-19 Remuneration policies Corporate Governance Report p.92 2-20 Process to determine remuneration Corporate Governance Report p.89 2-21 Annual total compensation ratio Information unavailable.
Further analysis required.
71 RAFFLES MEDICAL GROUP Sustainability Report GRI CONTENT INDEX GRI Standard Disclosure Location GRI 2: 2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy Chairman s Message p.10 General Disclosures Board Statement p.36 2021 Approach to Sustainability p.38 2-23 Policy commitments Board Statement p.36 Approach to Sustainability p.38 2-24 Embedding policy commitments Board Statement p.36 Approach to Sustainability p.38 Governance on Sustainability and Risk p.44 Corporate Governance p.54 Corporate Governance Report p.77 2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts Approach to Sustainability p.38 Governance on Sustainability and Risk p.44 Corporate Governance p.54 Corporate Governance Report p.77 2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising Approach to Sustainability p.38 concerns Governance on Sustainability and Risk p.44 Corporate Governance p.54 Corporate Governance Report p.77 2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations Board Statement p.36 Governance on Sustainability and Risk p.44 Corporate Governance p.54 Corporate Governance Report p.77 2-28 Membership associations Membership in Associations p.57 2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement Approach to Sustainability p.38 2-30 Collective bargaining agreements Our Staff p.48 GRI 3: 3-1 Process to determine material topics Approach to Sustainability p.38 Material Topics 3-2 List of material topics Approach to Sustainability p.38 2021 3-3 Management of material topics Approach to Sustainability p.38 GRI 201: 201-1 Direct economic value generated and Financial Highlights p.8 Economic distributed Financial Report p.112 Performance 2016 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and Environment p.58 opportunities due to climate change Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures p.64 GRI 205: 205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to Governance p.54 Anti-corruption corruption Corporate Governance Report p.77 2016 Risk Management p.107 205-2 Communication and training about anti- Governance p.54 corruption policies and procedures GRI 301: 301-1 Materials used by weight or volume Approach to Sustainability p.38 Materials 2016 Environment p.58 302-1 Energy consumption within the organization Approach to Sustainability p.38 Environment p.58 302-3 Energy intensity Approach to Sustainability p.38 Environment p.58 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption Approach to Sustainability p.38 Environment p.58 302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products Approach to Sustainability p.38 and services Environment p.58 GRI 303: 303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource Approach to Sustainability p.38 Water and Environment p.58 Effluents 2018 303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts Approach to Sustainability p.38 Environment p.58 303-5 Water consumption Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures p.64 72 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Sustainability Report GRI CONTENT INDEX GRI Standard Disclosure Location GRI 305: 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Task Force on Climate-related Emissions 2016 Financial Disclosures p.64 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures p.64 305-4 GHG emissions intensity Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures p.64 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures p.64 GRI 306: 306-1 Waste generation and significant waste- related Approach to Sustainability p.38 Waste 2020 impacts Environment p.58 306-2 Management of significant waste-related Approach to Sustainability p.38 impacts Environment p.58 306-3 Waste generated Approach to Sustainability p.38 Environment p.58 306-4 Waste diverted from disposal Approach to Sustainability p.38 Environment p.58 GRI 308: 308-1 New suppliers that were screened using Approach to Sustainability p.38 Supplier environmental criteria Governance p.54 Environmental Assessment 2016 GRI 401: 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover Approach to Sustainability p.38 Employment 2016 Our Staff p.48 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that Approach to Sustainability p.38 are not provided to temporary or part-time employees Our Staff p.48 401-3 Parental leave Approach to Sustainability p.38 Our Staff p.48 GRI 403: 403-1 Occupational health and safety management Approach to Sustainability p.38 Occupational system Our Staff p.48 Health and Safety 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and Our Staff p.48 2018 incident investigation Risk Management p.107 403-3 Occupational health services Our Staff p.48 403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and Our Staff p.48 communication on occupational health and safety 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and Our Staff p.48 safety 403-6 Promotion of worker health Our Staff p.48 403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational Our Staff p.48 health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships 403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and Our Staff p.48 safety management system 403-9 Work-related injuries Our Staff p.48 403-10 Work-related ill health Our Staff p.48 GRI 404: 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee Approach to Sustainability p.38 Training and Our Staff p.48 Education 2016 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and Approach to Sustainability p.38 transition assistance programs Our Staff p.48 404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular Approach to Sustainability p.38 performance and career development reviews Our Staff p.48 GRI 405: 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Approach to Sustainability p.38 Diversity and Equal Our Staff p.48 Opportunity 2016 Corporate Governance Report p.77 GRI 413: 413-1 Operations with local community engagement, Approach to Sustainability p.38 Local impact assessments, and development programs Communities p.52 Communities 2016 GRI 414: 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social Approach to Sustainability p.38 Supplier Social criteria Governance p.54 Assessment 2016 73
