TALKMED GROUP 16 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT ABOUT THIS REPORT AND CONTENTS TalkMed Group Limited ( TalkMed  or the  Company ) and its group of companies (the  Group ) is pleased to present our seventh Annual Sustainability Report.
This report reaffirms our commitment to sustainability and discloses our environmental, social and governance performance for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 ( FY2023 ).
The FY2023 Sustainability Report and associated metrics covers our main operations in Singapore and China as the other locations have minimal operations.
Standards and Framework The FY2023 Sustainability Report has been prepared with reference to the 2021 Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards.
The GRI Content Index on pages 36 and 37 provides the list of GRI references used in this report.
In addition, our Sustainability Report adopts the Singapore Exchange Listing Rules 711A and 711B of the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited including climate-related disclosures consistent with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure ( TCFD ) where applicable on a comply or explain approach.
The sustainability reporting process is subject to an internal review in accordance with Rule 711B(3), which is included in the Group s risk-based internal audit plan.
External Assurance We have not sought external assurance for our FY2023 Sustainability Report as such assurance is recommended but not mandatory by the Listing Manual Rule 711B.
Feedback We value the feedback of our stakeholders and welcome questions you may have on any aspect of our sustainability performance.
Please write to enquiries@talkmed.com.
sg TALKMED GROUP 17 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT SUSTAINABILITY BOARD STATEMENT TalkMed Group is pleased to present our FY2023 We are also mindful of our responsibility to conduct our Sustainability Report, which documents our sustainability businesses in an environmentally responsible manner performance and progress as well as the initiatives that we and to minimise any harmful environmental impact of have adopted to align with our stakeholders  expectations.
our day-to-day practices.
Given the dangerous effects of improper handling and disposal of medical waste on the The board of directors ( Board ) recognises its overall environment as well as the society, we are committed to duties in providing oversight of the Group s internal adopt best practices, which include, among others, the controls, risk management and sustainability strategies.
use of licensed and experienced firms to collect, transport and dispose of any biohazardous and cytotoxic waste, in For FY2023, both the Board and Management have: a bid to minimise the risk of disease transmission, air and water contamination, as well as soil pollution.
Reviewed the material environmental, social and governance ( ESG ) factors that are relevant to SOCIAL stakeholders of the Group and considered them in formulating the Group s overall business strategies; As a medical service provider, we understand the   Reviewed climate-related risks and the potential importance of attracting and retaining talented employees financial impact in the short, medium and long term to provide exceptional service to our customers.
We are as part of its overall risk management process; committed to enforcing fair labour practices, providing   Continued our assessment of green-house gas equal opportunities and a safe working environment for ( GHG ) emission footprint by collecting Scope 1 all our employees.
and 2 emissions of the Group and establishing baseline targets; At TalkMed, we have created a culture that fosters   Initiated scope 3 analysis by evaluating selected innovation and encourage our medical staff to stay up to scope 3 emissions (i.e. from business travel and date with the latest development in their field.
We provide employee commuting) of the Group; and them with diverse training opportunities and support their   Evaluated opportunities and action plans associated with climate-related risks.
professional as well as personal development.
This helps them to be aware of the latest medical advancement, ENVIRONMENT treatment methods and equipment available in the market and allows them to make well-informed decisions for our The severe and pervasive impacts of climate change, customers.
ranging from rising sea levels and extreme weathers, have led to environmental and social issues, affecting Our ultimate goal is to provide quality and safe patient businesses worldwide.
care that exceeds industry standards and responds to the needs of our customers.
We believe that maintaining The Group have taken a phased approach in adopting the a safe environment is a crucial aspect of competent recommendations by TCFD.
In FY2023, the Group had healthcare.
To protect the safety of both patients and set baseline targets for emission intensity and expanded our healthcare professionals, we ensure strict adherence its indirect GHG emission analysis by evaluating selected to standard operating procedures ( SOPs ) as well as all Scope 3 emissions to enable the Group to manage our applicable rules and regulations.
In addition, we carry out climate-associated risk and opportunities.
regular medical meetings to keep our employees apprised of changes in regulatory requirements and the latest Please refer to  A. Environment  section for the relevant medical practices.
disclosures.
TALKMED GROUP 18 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT In FY2023, we had no incidents of non-compliance with COMMUNITY regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning the health and safety impacts of our products and services.
Please We strive to have a positive impact on our community refer to page 31 for details.
and have collaborated with the Singapore Cancer Society to create a difference.
In giving back to the community, TalkMed values its employees, customers and the we continue to sponsor and participate in the  Relay for community it serves.
Our doctors play their parts by Life  event in Singapore to touch more lives through love, providing health education to the people.
They share their hope and encouragement to all cancer patients and their knowledge and contribute to raising disease awareness caregivers.
in Singapore and neighbouring countries via newspapers, magazines, medical journals and medical educational sessions.
GOVERNANCE As a member of the medical fraternity, we understand SUMMARY the need to uphold the highest standards of corporate governance across our business functions and to protect TalkMed believes that our responsibility as a healthcare the personal and sensitive information of our patients.
group goes beyond our business operations.
Similarly, the Board is committed to maintaining high We are committed to look for ways to enhance our standards of corporate governance, business integrity services and use our resources responsibly.
We strive for and professionalism within the Group to safeguard the medical excellence and aim to provide the safest services interests of all its stakeholders and to promote investors  to our valuable customers.
confidence and support.
As a public listed company, we have in place the required governance structure We want to thank our stakeholders for their continuous and processes that adhere to the Code of Corporate trust and support in our sustainability journey.
Governance.
We also ensure adherence to the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited or any requirements that have been mandated by Singapore Exchange Regulation (SGX RegCo) including the attendance of sustainability training courses by our directors.
To demonstrate our commitment to business ethics, we have included anti-corruption, compliance with laws and regulations as well as data privacy as material topics in our report and have disclosed our practices, policies and performance.
We adhere strictly to the compliance requirements of a public listed company and are committed to providing transparent and relevant information to all our stakeholders on a timely basis.
In FY2023, there were no reported incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations, incidents of corruption or breach of data privacy.
TALKMED GROUP 19 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT ABOUT TALKMED Please refer to  Corporate Profile  for details of the Group on pages 2 to 4.
SCALE OF ORGANISATION Net Revenue: Total Operations: S$83,792,000 11 clinics(2) Total Employees(1): Full time (Male): Full time (Female): 268 58 174 (1) Our employees comprise 87% full time and permanent employees and 13% temporary and part time employees.
(2) Include all clinics operated by our Group except for those located in Hong Kong and Vietnam.
TALKMED GROUP 20 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT SUSTAINABILITY AT TALKMED TalkMed is committed to integrating sustainability across all areas of our business and operational functions.
We are focused on continually adopting relevant policies and procedures to achieve our sustainability goals.
Vision: Our vision is to be a premier provider of medical oncology and palliative care healthcare services in the private sector in Singapore and in the region.
Mission: Our mission is to deliver quality care and service to our patients.
Looking ahead, providing medical oncology and palliative care healthcare services in the region and expanding our services to include the provision of primary and secondary healthcare are also an integral part of our business model.
We conduct our operations with the highest standards of ethics and transparency and ensure compliance with healthcare regulations in the countries where we operate.
Our goal is to deliver a sustainable economic growth and returns to investors.
We strive to continuously engage with stakeholders, including shareholders, patients, suppliers, regulators and employees, as well as to address and manage their concerns.
We are dedicated to the ongoing improvement of healthcare services, focusing on quality and meeting stakeholder expectations.
Our goal is to provide patients with high quality healthcare services delivered by a competent and highly trained team.
We also identify and monitor the environmental impacts of our business activities, strive to mitigate and improve our environmental performance.
Promotion of environmental awareness among employees and encouraging adoption of green practices are essential aspects of our commitment.
Our Group contributes to local communities, and supports their efforts to enhance socio-economic well-being.
This commitment aligns with the Company s goal to provide high quality services to our customers, a pledge that is reflected in our vision and mission.
In addressing our environmental, social, and governance risks, TalkMed adopts the GRI Standards and undertakes measures to lessen our environmental footprint.
TALKMED GROUP 21 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE Board The Board is responsible for the Group s overall sustainability direction, establishing accountability and oversight for sustainability matters, including the assignment of related responsibility.
The Board approves and monitors the effectiveness of all relevant policies, oversees the achievement and performance of sustainability management across the Group and provides the final approval for the Company s annual sustainability report.
Risk Management The Risk Management Committee ( RMC ), comprising the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ), Committee Chief Operating Officer ( COO ), Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) and the Human Resource function, is responsible for maintaining oversight of sustainability risks, monitoring Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) targets and executing them across all operations.
The RMC is responsible for the identification of material sustainability risks and opportunities and supporting value creation by integrating ESG responsibilities into daily operations.
In addition, the RMC approves and oversees the implementation of sustainability initiatives (including remedial actions for existing initiatives, when needed) while ensuring compliance with relevant international sustainability standards.
All in all, it upholds the Group s sustainability commitments.
We pride ourselves in conducting our business in an ethical and transparent manner.
We have clear policies on business standards, ethics and anti-corruption and are committed to ensuring full compliance with local as well as international requirements.
We do not condone any malpractice, impropriety, non-compliance with statutory law, rules and regulations, or wrongdoing by employees in the course of performing their duties.
More information on our corporate governance guidelines and practice is available on pages 50 to 55, 57 and 58 of our Annual Report.
TALKMED GROUP 22 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT At TalkMed, we understand the importance of engaging our stakeholders and identifying the material issues that are most important to them.
We selected our key stakeholder group based on influence, representation, responsibility, dependency and proximity.
Additionally, we reviewed our stakeholders in comparison with our peers in the industry to validate the relevance and completeness of our stakeholders.
We have regular engagement with our stakeholders via our medical professionals, management and business unit leadership which provides inputs when determining our material focus areas.
We firmly believe that stakeholder engagement is a key factor in ensuring the success of our business.
Therefore, we constantly seek to improve our communication channels with all our stakeholders to seek their inputs as well as address their concerns.
Frequency of Stakeholders Methods of Engagement Engagement Material Topics   Investor relation(s) On-going   Economic performance   Annual general meeting Annually   Customer health and safety   Employment Shareholders   Anti-corruption   Informal feedback from On-going   Customer health and safety patients through doctors and   Customer (data) privacy clinical staff Patients   Public forum   Patients survey   Annual supplier evaluation On-going   Procurement practices   Day to day engagement with   Customer health and safety Suppliers suppliers   Market practices   Regulator guidelines Quarterly   Compliance with laws and   Regulator forums engagement regulations   Email/phone call (available on   Customer health and safety website)   Anti-corruption Regulators   Climate and environment   Equality and diversity   Employee appraisals On-going   Employment   Team building sessions   Training and education Employees   Occupational health and safety   Board & committee meetings On-going   Economic performance   Customer health and safety   Indirect economic impacts Top Management   Anti-corruption (Consultants)   Talent recruitment and retention   Monthly operations meeting Monthly   Economic performance   Bi-monthly doctors meeting   Compliance with laws and   Monthly JV partners meeting regulations Partners (JV)   Customer health and safety   Occupational health and safety MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT We have established a process to determine the material topics, which is guided and referenced to the GRI Reporting standards.
The process of determining material topics involves reviewing our value chain analysis to better understand the organisational context in the business and geographical markets that we operate in, obtaining feedback from our stakeholder engagements, and reviewing the material topics prioritised by our industry peers.
Thereafter, we evaluate the impact to the organisation in accordance with importance to stakeholders and impact to the Group, with the definition of high, medium and low impact based on the Group s risk management framework.
TalkMed s Group Materiality Matrix sredlohekats ot ecnatropmI hgiH   Climate and   Anti-corruption   Issues identified by environment   Customer health and TalkMed to ensure   Data privacy safety that our sustainability   Compliance with laws commitments are and regulations monitored and managed   Economic performance   Please refer to   Employment sustainability   Training and education performance indicators   Talent recruitment and for our FY2023 retention performance muideM   Community   Effluent and waste   Issues that have been Engagement   Energy conservation identified from our   Equality and diversity materiality assessment that will be managed by the business on an on-going basis, not disclosed in this report woL TALKMED GROUP 23 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Low Medium High Impact to Company In FY2023, the list of material topics were re-assessed and validated and no new material topics were identified for the business.
TALKMED GROUP 24 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS Reporting Period Material Topics and Indicators (Financial year unless indicated) 2023 2022 Environment (Climate and Environment) Total Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emission, (tonnes CO equivalent)1 1,860 1,537 2 Scope 1 Emission(s)   Mobile fuel combustion2 8 9   Fugitive emissions (refrigerants)3 405   Scope 2 Emission(s)   Electricity (location-based)4 1,232 1,528 GHG Emission Intensity Scope 1 & 2 (tonnes CO/Revenue SGD 000) 0.019 0.020 2 Scope 3 Emission(s)5   Business travel6 128     Employee commuting 87   Social (Employment, Talent Recruitment and Retention, Training and Education) Total Employees 268 258   Male 66 68   Female 202 190 Total New Hire Rate (%) 22 21 Total Turnover Rate (%) 19 13 Average Training Hours Per Employee 55.6 4.0 Social (Customer health and safety) Total number of incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety 0 0 impacts of products and services Governance (Anti-corruption, compliance with laws and regulations and data privacy) Total confirmed incidents of corruption and action taken 0 0 Total non-compliance with laws and regulations 0 0 Total substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and 0 0 losses of customer data 1 GHG emissions are computed in accordance with the requirements of the  GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard .
The Global Warming Potential dataset is based on the 2014 IPCC Fifth Assessment Report.
The equivalent CO emission for electricity is based on 2 the operating margin factors from the Energy Market Authority of Singapore and Institute for Global Environmental Strategies (IGES) for North and Central China Grid data.
2 Mobile fuel combustion is primarily fuel used by the Group s vehicles in China.
3 Fugitive emissions are primarily emissions from the air-conditioning and refrigerators from the Group s facilities in Singapore and China.
4 Electricity consumption is primarily location-based with data derived from the national grids of Singapore and China.
5 As FY2023 is the initial year that the group has identified, collected, and disclosed scope 3 emission data, there are no comparative figures provided for FY2022.
6 Business travel emissions are primarily air travels by management.
TALKMED GROUP 25 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT A. ENVIRONMENT A.1 CLIMATE AND ENVIRONMENT The Group recognises the impact of global climate changes on its business and has adopted the recommendations of the TCFD requirements on a phased approach for climate-related disclosure.
To understand the extent of the Group s Greenhouse Gas Emissions ( GHG ), the Group had expanded the analysis of indirect GHG emissions for selected Scope 3 emission and set short term targets for its GHG intensity.
Why is this a material issue?
We embedded climate-related risks into our risks assessment process across our businesses.
The impact assessment was included into the risk register, reviewed by the Board and Risk Management Committee and the impact to the Group assessed from a short (next 1 year or less), medium (1 to 3 years) and long-term basis (more than 3 years).
Description Financial Impact Time Period Physical (Acute) Damage to building and infrastructure Increase costs Medium   Long due to extreme weather conditions of maintenance/ operations Physical (Acute) Deferment of elective surgery for its business Loss of revenues Medium in the region due to climate-associated disruptions Physical (Chronic) Stress in workforce and increasing strain Loss of revenues Medium   Long on healthcare system resulting in errors and loss of care Transition (Policy & Legal) Increase in cost of operations from Increase costs Medium   Long climate transition risks from government of maintenance/ or regulatory policies operations Transition (Technology) Technology and medical equipment Loss of revenues Long disruption to hospital/medical centre facilities In responding to the climate-related risks, the Group continues to source supplies via alternative routes to mitigate risks of supply disruption and manage costs of operations.
Additionally, the Group continues to digitalise records and reduce the use or demand of paper.
With the additional disclosure of selected Scope 3 indirect emissions and subsequently analysis of the remaining Scope 3 components, the Risk Management Committee will continue to evaluate opportunities in its value chain to improve the Group s resilience and financial impact to climate-related risks.
TALKMED GROUP 26 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT How do we approach this issue?
In managing risks and opportunities associated with climate, the Group has adopted the recommendations of TCFD.
Governance Risk Management   Climate risks and opportunities and associated metrics   Climate-related risks and opportunities have been have been presented to the Board.
Climate-related integrated into the overall risks management process.
risks and opportunities are evaluated by the Board in the Group s business and strategy as part of its overall   Climate-related physical and transition risks have oversight on sustainability topics of the Group.
been assessed in accordance with the Group s risk parameters and action plans identified to mitigate risks.
Climate risks and opportunities are managed by the The Group s risks, impact and action plans are reviewed Risk Management Committee on a day-to-day basis at least annually.
involving the development and execution of policies and processes to manage risks.
The governance structure, terms of reference, process of identification and management of material topics and reporting criterias are formalised in our sustainability policy.
Strategy Metrics   The Risk Management Committee, which is led by the   The Group to report Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse CEO, COO, CFO and the Human Resource function, gas emissions across its businesses to deepen is responsible for evaluating climate-related risks and understanding of its emissions and establish strategies opportunities.
to manage those emissions.
In FY2023, selected Scope 3 emissions were also analysed for an expanded understanding of the Group s indirect emission to further assess strategies to manage emissions of the Group.
TALKMED GROUP 27 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2023 Performance We identified GRI305 Emission as the metrics used to assess climate-related risks and opportunities.
FY2022 was the initial year that the Group has identified, collected and disclosed emission data.
The Group will continue to monitor and develop a better understanding of its emission exposure before determining a reasonable target to reduce carbon emission where applicable.
The Group s Scope 1, 2 and selected Scope 3 CO emissions are detailed below: 2 FY2023 FY2022 Singapore China Total Singapore China Total Scope 1 Emission(s)   Stationary combustion               Mobile fuel combustion2   8 8   9 9   Fugitive emissions (refrigerants)3 109 296 405 Note 1 Scope 2 Emission(s)   Electricity (location-based)4 227 1,005 1,232 246 1,282 1,528 Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG emission, (tonnes CO equivalent)1 336 1,309 1,645 246 1,291 1,537 2 GHG Emission Intensity Scope 1 & 2 (tCO/Revenue SGD 000) 0.004 0.015 0.019 0.003 0.017 0.020 2 Scope 3 Emission(s)5   Business travel6 128   128         Employee commuting 69 18 87       Note 1: In FY2022, due to lack of reliable data, no fugitive emission was reported.
In FY2023, there was an overall increase in Scope 1 and 2 emissions primarily due to the inclusion of fugitive emission data collected which was not provided in FY2022.
FY2024 Target As the Group continues to monitor direct and indirect GHG emissions, we have set an initial short-term target of maintaining our carbon intensity for Scope 1 and 2 of 0.019 whilst evaluating our long term targets.
1 GHG emissions are computed in accordance with the requirements of the  GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard .
The Global Warming Potential dataset is based on the 2014 IPCC Fifth Assessment Report.
The equivalent CO emission for electricity is based on 2 the operating margin factors from the Energy Market Authority of Singapore and Institute for Global Environmental Strategies (IGES) for North and Central China Grid data.
2 Mobile fuel combustion is primarily fuel used by the Group s vehicles in China.
3 Fugitive emissions are primarily emissions from the air-conditioning and refrigerators from the Group s facilities in Singapore and China.
4 Electricity consumption is primarily location-based with data derived from the national grids of Singapore and China.
5 As FY2023 is the initial year that the group has identified, collected, and disclosed Scope 3 emission data, there are no comparative figures provided for FY2022.
6 Business travel emissions are primarily air travels by management.
TALKMED GROUP 28 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT B. SOCIAL B.1 EMPLOYMENT/TALENT RECRUITMENT AND RETENTION Why is this a material issue?
Our employees are the foundation of our business and the key to our continued success.
They are integral to the provision of exceptional medical services to our customers.
As they are our most valuable assets, we are committed to providing attractive remuneration packages and employee benefits for our workforce of talented doctors and specialists.
How do we approach this issue?
We are aware that our ability to attract, develop and retain highly-motivated employees is crucial to our business.
Our human resource team follows fair and supportive policies which are in line with our objectives.
We have an equitable system of recognition and awards that allows doctors the opportunity to participate in revenue-sharing schemes.
Our staff is rewarded with attractive year-end bonuses that commensurate with their performances.
In addition, we provide annual incentive trips which also aim to promote staff bonding.
Last but not least, we recognise and acknowledge the contributions of our long-serving staff by rewarding them with long service awards.
For FY2023, our employees are classified into the following: Permanent and Full Time Employees Singapore China1 Total Male 35 23 58 Female 92 82 174 Temporary and Part Time Employees Male 1 7 8 Female 11 17 28 Total no.
of employees 139 129 268 1 China represents our China facilities in Chongqing and Beijing.
We aim to hire and retain the best talents and we strive to fill each role with an individual who is qualified and of the right fit.
To achieve that, recruitment of new doctors is handled by our doctors, while the hiring of new clinical staff is entrusted to our nurse managers and the human resource department.
Our employee profile and turnover are as follows: Employees Information by Age Group and Nationality Singaporeans Others1 Total Below 30 5 52 57 Between 30 and 50 65 97 162 Above 50 31 18 49 Total no.
of employees 101 167 268 1  Others  represents non-Singaporeans who are working at our clinics/offices in Singapore and China.
This includes Chinese, Malaysians, Filipinos and Indian nationals.
TALKMED GROUP 29 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT (A) Analysis by New Hire of the Group New Hires By Age Group Male Female 64% 60% 62% Below 30 Between 30 and 50 Below 30 4 12 32% 27% Above 50 Between 30 and 50 14 23 18% 18% 11% 8% Above 50 4 3 Rate of Hire Rate of Hire Total New (Male) (Female) Hire Total no.
of new hires 22 38 New Hires By Nationality Male Female 64% 55% 58% Singapore Singaporeans 8 17 36% 45% 42% Others1 Others1 14 21 Rate of Hire Rate of Hire Total New Total no.
of new hires 22 38 (Male) (Female) Hire (B) Analysis by Turnover of the Group Employee Turnover By Below 30 Male Female Age Group Between 30 and 50 63% 61% 62% Below 30 4 8 Above 50 Between 30 and 50 12 19 21% 16% 26% 13% 24% 14% Above 50 3 4 Rate of Turnover Rate of Turnover Total Rate of Total no.
of turnover 19 31 (Male) (Female) Turnover Employee Turnover By Singapore Male Female Nationality 68% 52% 56% Others1 48% 44% Singapore 6 16 32% Others1 13 15 Rate of Turnover Rate of Turnover Total Rate of Total no.
of turnover 19 31 (Male) (Female) Turnover 1  Others  represents non-Singaporeans who are working at our clinics/offices in Singapore and China.
This includes Chinese, Malaysians, Filipinos and Indian nationals.
FY2023 Performance Total new hire rate: 22% Total turnover rate: 19% Financial year ending 31 December 2024 ( FY2024 ) Target To ensure greater retention of talent pool.
TALKMED GROUP 30 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT B.2 TRAINING AND EDUCATION Why is this issue material?
TalkMed places strong emphasis on developing our staff through training and education programmes.
It is necessary for our doctors and specialists to be updated with the latest developments in their respective fields so that they can reach their full potential and perform their best.
How do we approach this issue?
To enable employees to refine their skills, we organise regular training and development programmes to cater to their areas of specialisation.
We offer our nurses fully-sponsored diploma courses.
We have fostered a culture of learning in our organisation and we encourage regular feedback to identify new areas of improvement.
FY2023 Performance We have recorded the following training hours: 158.2 Non-clinical Staff Clinical Staff 89.6 90.8 68.6 72.4 52.2 59.763.7 55.6 Specialist Medical Practitioners 31.0 30.8 20.2 Average Training Hours Male Female Total Average training hours per employee is 55.6 in FY2023.
It has increased significantly as compared to the previous period due to the increase in training for staff in our China operations after the resumption of hospital operations upon the easing of Covid-19 restrictions.
Management will continue to monitor and ensure that our employees are sent for the necessary professional development and training to equip them with relevant knowledge to meet their professional and personal development needs.
FY2024 Target Our Group aims to maintain an average of at least 40 training hours per employee per annum.
TALKMED GROUP 31 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT B.3 CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY Why is this issue material?
The safety and well-being of our customers form the core of our organisation s values.
We are committed to providing excellent service to our patients at all times and for that purpose, we have taken several measures.
We have integrated standards and procedures across all our operations and installed continuous monitoring systems to safeguard the health and safety of our valued customers.
How do we approach this issue?
As customer safety is a crucial aspect of our business, we ensure strict adherence to government regulations such as Private Hospitals and Medical Clinics Act, Medicines Act, Health Products Act and Singapore Medical Council Ethical Code and Ethical Guidelines.
We have in place a set of clinical SOPs to maintain staff competency and compliance with the applicable regulations and laws.
The quality of our services depends on the professional competencies of our nurses.
Hence, we have put in place a system of competency checklists (including the apheresis competency checklist as our operations involve the handling of blood products) to assess and evaluate their proficiencies.
The SOPs and checklists are reviewed for relevance and completeness every year.
FY2023 Performance There were no incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services.
GRI 416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services FY2023 FY2022 Incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a fine or penalty 0 0 Incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a warning 0 0 Incidents of non-compliance with voluntary code 0 0 FY2024 Target We aim to maintain zero cases of non-compliance or fines.
TALKMED GROUP 32 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT C. GOVERNANCE C.1 ANTI-CORRUPTION Why is this a material issue?
TalkMed recognises the importance of high standards of business integrity, ethics and transparency.
Corruption in any form undermines the capability of healthcare organisations to serve their customers well.
Hence, it is important for us to eliminate any form of corruption through good corporate governance, business ethics and strong internal controls in our business processes.
We take this issue very seriously and are committed to complying with all applicable standards, rules and regulations necessary to prevent corruption and unethical behavior.
How do we approach this issue?
At TalkMed, we have zero tolerance for all forms of corruption, bribery, fraud and unethical behavior.
This is reflected in our Code of Conduct, which outlines the guidelines for maintaining transparency and accountability.
We have also established a whistle-blowing policy which stipulates the mechanism by which concerns about plausible improprieties in matters of financial reporting may be raised.
The Audit and Risk Committee ( ARC ) has oversight and monitoring responsibilities.
There are three dedicated secured email addresses to allow whistle-blowers to contact any member of the ARC to make a whistle-blowing report.
The whistle-blowing policy and its procedures have also been made available to all employees.
The Company s whistle-blowing policy allows employees to raise concerns and offers reassurance that they will be protected from reprisals or victimisation for whistle-blowing in good faith.
FY2023 Performance There were no reported cases of corruption during the reporting period.
GRI 205-3: Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken FY2023 FY2022 Total number and nature of confirmed incidents of corruption 0 0 Total number of confirmed incidents in which employees were dismissed or disciplined for corruption 0 0 Total number of confirmed incidents when contracts with business partners were terminated or not renewed due to violations related to corruption 0 0 Public legal cases regarding corruption brought against the organisation or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of such cases 0 0 FY2024 Target We aim to maintain zero cases of all forms of corruption in our business operations.
TALKMED GROUP 33 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT C.2 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS Why is this a material issue?
As a premier provider of medical oncology and palliative care services, we are governed by laws and regulations, particularly those related to the medical industry, in the countries where we operate in.
Also, we are bound by the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.
Any non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations could severely impact our reputation and in the long term, impact our business growth.
How do we approach this issue?
We take this issue very seriously and are committed to complying with all applicable standards, rules and regulations to ensure that we maintain the highest standards of medical practices and as a good corporate citizen.
In ensuring compliance, we have the following in place:   SOPs are established to govern day-to-day practices and maintain competency of staff.
SOPs are reviewed annually for relevance and completeness;   Monthly meetings of medical staff to provide policy and regulatory updates;   Subscriptions to official channels in order to stay abreast with changes in rules and regulations; and   Engagements with external consultants to keep up with latest developments and regulatory changes.
FY2023 Performance There were no reported cases of non-compliance or fines paid during the reporting period.
GRI 2-27 Compliance to Laws & Regulations FY2023 FY2022 a. Total number of significant instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations   Number of fines incurred 0 0   Number of instances of non-monetary sanctions incurred 0 0 b. Total monetary value of fines paid for the reporting period   Current reporting period 0 0   Previous reporting period 0 0 FY2024 Target We aim to maintain zero cases of non-compliance or fines.
TALKMED GROUP 34 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT C.3 DATA PRIVACY Why is this a material issue?
Our operations have access to personal and sensitive information of our customers including personal data and medical records that are confidential.
Any breach of personal data would result in public reprimand, fines and adverse impact to our reputation.
How do we approach this issue?
We are committed to ensuring that our employees understand the importance of privacy and regulatory requirements regarding the safeguarding of personal data.
Specifically:   The Group s privacy policy has been established and communicated to all employees and customers.
Our policy governs the purpose and methods for managing personal data.
A copy of our privacy policy is available on our website;   Standard operating procedures are formalised at our medical centres to govern the management of personal data and escalation methods in case of any data breach; and   Clinic Assist Software ( CAS ) is in place to manage patient related records.
Access to CAS is restricted to authorised personnel only.
FY2023 Performance There were no reported cases of substantiated complaint concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data for the reporting period.
GRI 418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data FY2023 FY2022 Complaints received from outside parties and substantiated by the organisation 0 0 Complaints by regulatory bodies 0 0 Total number of identified leaks, thefts, or losses of customer data 0 0 FY2024 Target We aim to maintain zero cases of substantiated complaint concerning breaches of customer privacy and loss of customer data.
TALKMED GROUP 35 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT D. COMMUNITY The physical event will be attended by our Guest of Honour, Mr Tharman Shanmugaratnam, the President of the Republic of Singapore and this community event has Relay for Life 2024 a target outreach of 6,000 participants including cancer patients, survivors, caregivers, donors and members of The 7th edition of the Singapore Cancer Society-TalkMed the community coming together to physically celebrate Relay for Life ( RFL ) will be taking place between the lives of people battling cancer.
20 and 30 April 2024 to raise funds for the cause.
TalkMed is the title sponsor for RFL 2024 and it hopes The event aims to raise approximately S$1.3 million which that RFL will continue to raise more awareness about will be used to fund programmes and services that are run cancer, and more importantly, drive the message that no by Singapore Cancer Society to  Minimise Cancer and cancer patient should walk this road alone.
Maximise Lives of the cancer community .
TALKMED GROUP 36 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT GRI CONTENT INDEX Statement of use TalkMed Group Limited has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 with reference to the GRI Standards.
GRI 1 Used GRI 1: Foundation 2021 GRI STANDARDS DISCLOSURE LOCATION GRI 2: 2-1 Organisational details  to 4 General 2-2 Entities included in the organisation s sustainability  Disclosures 2021 reporting 2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point  2-4 Restatements of information No restatements for prior period.
2-5 External assurance  2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships  to 4 2-7 Employees , 28 to 29 2-8 Workers who are not employees , 28 to 29 2-9 Governance structure and composition  to 42 2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance  to 46 body 2-11 Chair of the highest governance body  2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing  to 40 the management of impacts 2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts  2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability  reporting 2-15 Conflicts of interest  to 54 2-16 Communication of critical concerns  to 54 2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body  to 15 2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest  to 47 governance body 2-19 Remuneration policies  to 50 2-20 Process to determine remuneration  to 48 2-21 Annual total compensation ratio  2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy  to 18 2-23 Policy commitments  to 21 TALKMED GROUP 37 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT GRI STANDARDS DISCLOSURE LOCATION 2-24 Embedding policy commitments  to 21 2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts  to 53 2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns  to 54 2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations  2-28 Membership associations None 2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement  2-30 Collective bargaining agreements None of our employees is contracted under collective bargaining agreement.
GRI 3: 3-1 Process to determine material topics  Material Topics 3-2 List of material topics  2021 3-3 Management of material topics  to 34 GRI 201: 201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed  to 73 Economic 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and  Performance opportunities due to climate change 2016 201-4 Financial assistance received from government  GRI 205: 205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken  Anti-corruption 2016 GRI 305: 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions  Emissions 2016 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions  305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions  305-4 GHG emissions intensity  GRI 401: 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover  to 29 Employment 2016 GRI 404: Training 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee  and Education 2016 GRI 416: 416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health  Customer Health and safety impacts of products and services and Safety 2016 GRI 418: 418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of  Customer customer privacy and losses of customer data Privacy 2016
