ANNUAL REPORT 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT BOARD STATEMENT The Board of Directors (the  Board ) of UG Healthcare Corporation Limited ( UG Healthcare  or the  Company  and together with its subsidiaries, the  Group ) is pleased to present the annual sustainability report for the financial year ended 30 June 2024 ( FY24 ).
The global disposable glove industry continues to consolidate as the market adjusts to its new equilibrium in the endemic phase.
As global economic activity gradually resumed, we made the prudent decision to collaborate with third-party manufacturers to supply hygiene and healthcare products.
These include disposable gloves, which our upstream manufacturing operations either did not produce or were inefficient to produce ourselves, thereby supporting our downstream distribution businesses.
The average selling price ( ASP ) of disposable examination gloves, as well as the inventory replacement cycle at the end consumer and downstream distribution, have been encouraging.
This allows us to plan the commencement of production at our third manufacturing facility, which will provide an additional capacity of 1.2 billion pieces of disposable examination gloves per year to support our downstream distribution expansion in FY24.
As the Group works to align with the evolving business environment in order to grow prudently and sustainably, we are committed to making positive progress in our economic, environmental, social, and governance ( EESG ) determinants.
When determining the Group's strategic direction and policies, the Group will consider these EESG material aspects, as well as the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities, and ensure they are relevant and current for the business and our expansion ambitions.
This sustainability report focused on our key EESG performance in FY24 and includes entities from the Group s upstream manufacturing operations located in Seremban, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia.
As our Singapore operation is primarily involved in the listed company s corporate reporting and serves as the sales, marketing and distribution hub for our downstream distribution operations, this report excludes performance data from our Singapore and global downstream distribution operations, which are managed locally in the six key markets.
We recognise that the source of our products is our responsibility to our customers, and we value their trust and loyalty.
Similarly, we remain committed to upholding our integrity and business ethics throughout our own brand manufacturing ( OBM ) businesses globally, conducting our businesses in accordance with the rules and regulations of the respective countries, from our upstream manufacturing to downstream distribution operations, with the goal of achieving mutual growth in a sustainable manner.
The Group continues to conform to international standards and requirements for our UNIGLOVES  branded range of products and our upstream manufacturing is certified by the British Standards Institution for ISO 9001:2015, ISO 13485:2016, and EN ISO 13485:2016, and in compliance with ISO 14971:2019 and EN ISO 14971:2019 for the scope of manufacture and supply of natural latex and nitrile examination gloves.
We are also registered with the Supplier Ethical Data Exchange, a not-for-profit membership organisation dedicated to driving improvements in ethical and responsible business practices in global supply chains, and our manufacturing facilities continue to be audited under Sedex Members Ethical Trade Audit ( SMETA ) annually.
This sustainability report has been prepared with reference to the 2021 Global Reporting Initiative ( GRI ) Sustainability Reporting Standards ( GRI Standards ) and in compliance with Rules 711A and 711B of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ( SGX- ST ) Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (the  Catalist Rules ) as well as the SGX-ST s Sustainability Reporting Guide.
We have chosen the GRI framework as it is a well-known and globally recognised sustainability reporting standard.
In alignement with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures ( TCFD ), the Company has assessed climate-related risks and opportunities which are disclosed in this report.
In view of the latest enhancement to the sustainability reporting regime announced by the SGX-ST on 23 September 2024, the Company will continue to work towards greater maturity of its climate-related disclosures by incorporating climate- related requirements in the IFRS Sustainability Disclosure Standards issued by the International Sustainability Standards Board ("ISSB ) for the financial year ending 30 June 2025.
17 UG HEALTHCARE CORPORATION LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT The Board will continue to oversee the Sustainability Committee, which is chaired by the Group s Chief Executive Officer, and together we monitor the key factors in our sustainability practices, improving on our disclosures and progressively updating our targets that are material to the sustainability of our operations as we continue our growth journey.
An internal review of our sustainability reporting processes was conducted in accordance with the International Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing issued by the Institute of Internal Auditors by our internal auditor, on a cycle basis, as part of the internal audit plan.
While this sustainability report is reviewed by the internal auditor, no external assurance was sought.
We welcome stakeholders to provide us with feedback and suggestions on this report.
You may contact us through our investor relations email at ir@ughcc.com.
YIP WAH PUNG Non-Executive Chairman and Independent Director LEE KECK KEONG Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 18 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE At UG Healthcare, our sustainability goal is to make a positive difference and progress together with our prioritised stakeholders   customers, employees, business partners, and the communities where we operate.
We believe that our sustainability strategy to embrace EESG areas such as labour practices and societal responsibilities is a holistic approach of inclusivity and contingency planning that serves as the foundation of our organisational culture.
The Board and management, through this sustainability approach, cultivate sustainable values throughout the organisation and pass them on to our external stakeholders.
We believe that addressing the EESG impacts from within will assist us in managing the risks and opportunities present in our business, thereby generating stable and sustainable value for our stakeholders.
We have in place the Sustainability Reporting Policy to strengthen our Group s commitment to sustainability, and it acts as a guide for our sustainability reporting.
The Board has also kept up with the growing concerns about sustainability and climate-related topics through continuous training and education.
The Group s Sustainability Committee ( SC ) comprised of key management executives that oversee the various departments in the organisation and the SC is overseen by the Group s Chief Executive Officer, who reports to the Board for advice and guidance.
The SC will be informed of any sustainability concerns relating to the Group s risks and prospects, and it will then investigate the reported concern before reporting its findings to the Board.
The Board effectively oversees the SC by assessing and evaluating the relevance and appropriate practices in place to address possible sustainability challenges.
The Board will also consider these findings when developing strategies and policies to better manage future sustainability challenges.
This approach helps to ensure that all EESG and climate-related matters material to the business are considered and addressed effectively.
While the Board s responsibility is to review and deliberate on the sustainability concerns, the SC has the responsibility to ensure that the EESG factors and climate-related matters are monitored on an ongoing basis and properly managed.
The SC is responsible for reviewing the Group s sustainability performance and material topics, analysing climate-related risks and opportunities, addressing stakeholder concerns, setting targets and goals for material factors, and establishing systems to collect, verify, monitor, and report information required for sustainability reporting.
The SC meets at least once a year to discuss, propose, coordinate, and promote the Group s sustainability practices.
The Group s sustainability governance structure is set out as follows: Monitors, reviews and considers sustainability issues, and assess and evaluate the relevance and adequacy of the Group s processes and practices BOARD OF DIRECTORS to address possible sustainabilty issues, as well as develops and approves general policies and strategies.
SUSTAINABILITY Monitors and reviews sustainability policies and performance, identifies and COMMITTEE evaluates material topics and potential impact of climate-related risks and CHIEF EXECUTIVE opportunities, addresses stakeholder concerns, sets targets to motivate OFFICER progress, and integrates information with the Sustainability Committee to formulate policies and procedures to address operational gaps in the organisation.
Monitors and reviews sustainability practices and identify potential impact of climate-related risks and opportunities that are of relevance to the Group's SUSTAINABILITY operations.
Implementation of systems and processes, and enforce practices TEAM LEADERS throughout the organisation to achieve goals for the identified material topics to better manage risks.
MANUFACTURING HUMAN FINANCE OPERATIONS RESOURCES We believe that the Group s ethos and conscientious efforts to manage our businesses responsibly demonstrate our appreciation for our stakeholders  trust and support, thereby safeguarding their interests.
19 UG HEALTHCARE CORPORATION LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT At UG Healthcare, we believe that sustainable operations necessitate regular communication among internal and external stakeholders.
The Group remains committed to engaging with our stakeholders through effective communication and strengthening mutually beneficial relationships in order to grow sustainably together.
Sustainability reporting gives us a valuable opportunity to engage our stakeholders and respond to concerns that are most important to them and to our business, while also improving the Group s assessment in risk management, strategy development, and stakeholder engagement activities as we work to further focus and prioritise our sustainability and corporate social responsibility initiatives.
We are committed to recognising and addressing our key stakeholders  concerns, as well as aligning our key stakeholders to participate in the Group s sustainable and steadfast growth journey.
We continue to engage with our stakeholders through multiple established communication channels to assess the material matters that are of concern to them and our business.
Our engagements with our key stakeholders are summarised below: STAKEHOLDERS AREAS OF CONCERN OUR ENGAGEMENT APPROACH OUR ACTIONS INTERNAL Board of   Ensure internal policies and   Board meetings   Regular updates on corporate Directors practices are current and   Regular updates via activities, developments, and financial effectively implemented and electronic communications performance monitored (emails, phone calls, virtual   Seek advice and approvals from   Regulatory compliance meetings) the Board on all material proposed developments Employees   Career growth   Regular internal   Ensure effective implementation of   Training opportunities communications through human resources policies, internal   Competitive salaries and staff meetings and electronic systems and procedures incentives communications (emails,   Regular internal meetings to review   Pleasant and safe working phone calls, internal notices, safety and healthy work environment environment virtual meetings)   Sponsor employees to attend courses   Training and development and conferences programmes Performance   Annual review on performance appraisal   Employee feedback/survey 20 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT STAKEHOLDERS AREAS OF CONCERN OUR ENGAGEMENT APPROACH OUR ACTIONS EXTERNAL Government &   Good governance practices   Meetings   Ensure compliance with applicable laws Regulators   Regulatory compliance   Mails and regulations   Occupational health & safety   Electronic communications   Regular communication with external   Environmental issues   Through external professionals and agencies professionals and agencies   Correspondence with relevant   Announcements on SGXNet authorities as and when necessary   Consistent update on relevant laws and regulations through seminars and training   Ensure all public disclosures are disclosed accurately and timely via official announcements as appropriate Customers /   Quality control   Regular customer feedback   Certifications of ISO 9001, ISO 13485, Distributors   Reliability, on-time delivery, management (survey, face- and EN ISO 13485, and in compliance and after sales services to-face meetings) with ISO 14971 and EN ISO 14971 to   Technical support   Regular follow-up and assure consistent quality standards in   Reasonable payment terms support services (calls, face- products and services   Competitive pricing to-face meetings)   Ensure all relevant requirements and   Long-term working   Trade fair (trade show, compliance with standards are met for relationship exhibition) all products manufactured and sold   Electronic communications   SMETA 4-pillar annual audit to assure (emails, phone calls, virtual products are produced ethically and meetings) responsibly   Regular internal meetings to review customers  fulfilment and evolving requirements   Active follow-up on customers  needs and product applications, as well as updates on new products   Provide timely responses to customers   Perform periodic evaluations to understand customers  perspectives Suppliers   Timely payment and   Regular interactions and   Regular review and feedback on the / Business adherence to agreed terms updates with suppliers quality and evolving requirements Partners   Long-term working   Electronic communications   Ensure compliance with standards, relationship (emails, phone calls, virtual relevant laws and regulations, as well meetings) as good corporate practices   Perform periodic evaluation Shareholders   Financial performance and   Announcements on SGXNet   Ensure all public disclosures on & Investment investment returns   Shareholders  general corporate results and material Community   Business sustainability and meetings developments are disclosed accurately profitability   Investor relations (face-to- and timely via official announcements   Industry conditions and face meetings, emails, virtual as and when required prospect meetings, conference calls)   Half-yearly meetings with analysts and   Market presence   Electronic communications investment community to update on   Transparency and good (emails, virtual meetings) corporate developments governance   Annual report   Ensure sustainable business growth   Company website 21 UG HEALTHCARE CORPORATION LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT UG Healthcare did an internal review to determine the continued relevance of the material topics mentioned in FY23 for FY24.
The criteria for the Company s material analysis were explored and selected using industry standards, peer benchmarking against companies with similar businesses, and management awareness.
The materiality assessment process and the material concerns identified are depicted in the chart below, and their importance was determined based on their impact on stakeholders as well as the Group s business risks and opportunities.
These material topics were also presented to the Board for review and approval before being included in this sustainability report.
The Company has, in alignment with TCFD recommendations, assessed and identified climate-related risks and opportunities for our business, particularly our upstream manufacturing division, and have them disclosed under the Economic topic.
We intend to work towards greater maturity of climate-related disclosures in the coming years.
The sustainability reporting process and specific disclosures for each GRI Standard reported under the various material topics are set out in the chart below.
EVALUATE & REVIEW MATERIAL VALIDATE PRIORITISE MATERIAL KEY MATERIAL TOPICS TOPICS MATERIAL TOPICS TOPICS Review & Analysis Materiality Assessment Report to the Board for Economic advice and review, and GRI 201-1, 201-2   Review and assess   Benchmarking obtain approval   Economic Performance   Climate-related Risks and Opportunities the relevance of analysis against GRI 416-2 material topics similar listed   Update the Board on   Customer Management companies and/or sustainability issues GRI 204-1   Monitor and verify nature of business   Suppliers and Business Partners data information   Report to the Board collected according to   Evaluate material on sustainablility Environmental the identified material factors that are performance, GRI 302-1, 303-3, 305-1, 305-2   Resource Efficiency factors for review and of priority to the sustainability issues, GRI 306-3 analysis sustainability of the update on material   Waste Group's business factors and climate-   Identify climate- related risks and Social related risks and   Conduct internal opportunities that are GRI 401-1, 405-1 opportunities that are discussion of relevance to the   Employment, Diversity and Equal Opportunity of relevance to the on potential Group's business GRI 403-5, 403-9   Occupational Health and Safety Group's business sustainability GRI 404-1, 404-3 issues and climate   Seek advice and   Skills Competency and Education related risks and obtain approval   Performance appraisal opportunities Governance GRI 2-27   Regulatory Compliance   Corporate Governance GRI 418-1   Cybersecurity Risk Management and Data Privacy GRI 205-3   Anti-Corruption 22 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MATERIAL TOPIC: ECONOMIC Economic Performance GRI 201-1 The Group recorded 13.9% year-on-year revenue growth from S$101.1 million in FY23 to Performance in FY24 S$115.2 million in FY24, resulting from the expansion in our Europe s downstream distribution   Achieved better financial network in the second half of FY24, and a rebound in ASP of disposable gloves and ancillary performance, but did not products, as well as an increase in overall sales volume.
These ancillary products include achieve profitability in FY24.
reusable gloves and personal protection equipment ( PPEs ), as well as a wide range of   Expanded market presence in hygiene and healthcare products for infection control, hygiene and care, dental and wound Southern Europe and Central care.
Eastern Europe through strategic acquisitions.
Higher revenue coupled with the Group s efficient resource management at both upstream   Retained its option to manufacturing division and downstream distribution division, together with lower average commence production at the purchase prices of raw materials and improved ASP of disposable examination gloves and third manufacturing facility ancillary products resulted in a significant increase in gross profit from S$1.4 million in FY23 as it was relatively more to S$25.9 million in FY24.
Correspondingly, gross profit margin increased from 1.4% in FY23 cost-efficient to outsource.
to 22.5% in FY24.
Continued to progress in the non-glove related businesses, Overall, the Group managed to narrow net loss attributable to shareholders from S$20.7 including obtaining all million in FY23 to S$6.1 million in FY24.
the necessary approvals for the commencement of   Business Operations on page 4 to 8 development of the Active   Financial Highlights on page 10 Retirement Home project.
Performance Review on page 11 to 13   Recorded no incident of   Financial Statements on page 85 to 157 non-compliance with management controls and The Group made significant strides in FY24 by strategically expanding our product portfolio procedures.
through the strategic acquisition of UG Nitrex, a company that specialises in the marketing and sale of a diverse selection of reusable gloves for heavy industrial applications, safety footwear, and other PPEs in Spain and neighbouring countries such as Portugal and France.
Targets for FY25 Furthermore, we expanded our geographical footprint to encompass Southern Europe and   To achieve profitability with Central Eastern Europe through increasing our equity interest in Unigloves Germany and the the strategic expansions of strategic acquisition of UG Nitrex.
(i) product portfolio; and (ii) market presence in European The strategic expansions and stabilisation of the ASP of disposable gloves further enhance markets.
our OBM model for glove-related healthcare businesses, enabling us to prepare for the   Strengthen OBM growth commissioning of our third glove manufacturing facility at the upstream manufacturing potential amid the division.
normalisation of inventory replacement cycle and ASP of The table below provides an analysis of our economic value distributed to various stakeholders, disposable gloves.
and the economic value retained.
Planning to commence production of the third manufacturing facility at the FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE upstream manufacturing (S$'000) FY24 FY23 FY22 division.
Economic value generated 115,205 101,133 232,598   Continue to nurture the new Economic value distributed (123,577) (140,926) (208,404) identified businesses in the non-glove healthcare related Operating costs (105,850) (110,991) (157,391) sector.
Employee wages and benefits (19,499) (20,845) (26,467)   Continue to maintain no Payments to providers of capital (1,238) (4,860) (1,949) incident of non-compliance Refund from/(Payments to) government with management controls by country (taxes) 3,010 (4,230) (22,597) and procedures.
Economic value (distributed)/retained (8,372) (39,793) 24,194 Notes:   Operating costs include cost of sales, marketing and distribution expenses, administrative expenses, other expenses and exclude employee wages and benefits.
Employee wages and benefits include Directors  remuneration and employee salaries.
Payments to providers of capital denotes interest paid to banks and dividends paid to shareholders.
Refund from/(payments to) government by country (taxes) denotes to income taxes refunded or paid.
23 UG HEALTHCARE CORPORATION LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Climate-related Risks and Opportunities Customer Management GRI 201-2 We recognise that the aim of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures Performance in FY24 ( TCFD ) is to improve transparency of organisations  climate-related risks and   Conducted preliminary discussion on opportunities so that stakeholders, particularly investors, can make informed identifying and assessing possible decisions on where to deploy their capital.
climate-related risks and opportunities that are critical to the Group s business The Group is conscious of the hazards that climate change poses to both our industry sustainability.
and business, as well as to society at large.
As part of our commitment to operating ethically and sustainably, we dedicate ourselves to understanding climate-related risks and opportunities and integrating solutions into our Group's strategy and Targets for FY25 operations.
To expand coverage on possible climate-related risks and We have been gradually adopting the TCFD recommendations, as well as developing opportunities.
and reporting our Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions, to better   To explore and consider the evaluation understand our baseline emissions amid our ongoing expansions.
of the financial implications of the possible risks and opportunities, as During FY24, we conducted an internal discussion with the Sustainability Team well as the approach, and potential Leaders, who are management executives from various departments across the costs to manage these possible risks.
Group, to identify and assess possible climate-related risks and opportunities that are critical to the Group s business sustainability.
The following table sets out the summary of the climate-related risk and opportunity that have been identified for the Group s upstream manufacturing business, which we shall be prioritising in FY25 to develop the necessary action plans.
CLIMATE-RELATED POTENTIAL TRANSITION RISK FINANCIAL TYPE & OPPORTUNITY MATERIALITY IMPACT ACTION PLANS 24 ygolonhceT High costs Medium to   Capital   Review and invest associated with long-term risk investments in in the latest adopting new new technology energy-efficient energy-efficient development technologies such technologies or or upgrades as solar energy upgrading existing to maintain technology.
infrastructure.
competitiveness  Seek government or policy incentives to offset capital investment costs.
ecruoS ygrenE Incorporating Medium to   Reduced   Implement solar energy long-term operational energy efficiency costs through measures to alongside the opportunity the use of solar maximize the electricity energy, even use of available generated from though it is a renewable energy.
non-renewable small fraction of the total energy sources can use compared to contribute to non-renewable reducing the electricity.
carbon footprint.
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Customer Management GRI 416-2 It has always been in our Group s ethos to nurture long-term business relationships Performance in FY24 with our customers.
Our integrated OBM business that encompasses upstream   Achieved targets set in FY24.
manufacturing and downstream distribution for our proprietary UNIGLOVES    Our manufacturing facilities and branded products, allows us to have greater control over the quality and reliability of products continue to comply with our products, which are used by end users who require cross-infection protection and all international safety and quality stringent hygiene requirements.
standards.
Maintained strong brand presence We are dedicated to maintaining our best practices and standards in order to meet and market position in key markets of the evolving needs of our end users across a variety of industries.
This includes Europe, Brazil, Nigeria, and China.
the development of appropriate hand protection solutions (both disposable and Expanded market presence in reusable gloves), as well as hygiene and healthcare-related ancillary products for Southern Europe and Central Eastern their professional applications, thereby ensuring their safety.
We are appreciative for Europe through strategic acquisitions.
the trust and brand loyalty our customers have demonstrated in our UNIGLOVES    Expanded market presence in branded products.
Southern Europe and Central Eastern Europe through strategic acquisitions.
The direct interaction with our customers through our downstream distribution   Recorded no incident of non- operations provides the Group the competitive advantage of understanding and compliance with relevant laws and responding to their requirements with the support of our upstream manufacturing regulations on health and safety operations.
impacts of products and services.
Our upstream manufacturing is certified by the British Standards Institution for ISO 9001:2015, ISO 13485:2016 and EN ISO 13485:2016, and in compliance with ISO Targets for FY25 14971:2019 and EN ISO 14971:2019 for the scope of manufacture and supply of natural   Maintain international standards of latex and nitrile latex examination gloves.
The Group is also registered with the production and products produced are Supplier Ethical Data Exchange, a not-for-profit membership organisation dedicated of high safety and quality standards.
to driving improvements in ethical and responsible business practices in global   Continue to cultivate demand for supply chains.
Our manufacturing facilities are audited annually under the 4-pillar proprietary UNIGLOVES  branded SMETA which covers (i) Labour Standards, (ii) Health & Safety, (iii) Environment and products through new markets and (iv) Business Ethics product portfolio expansions.
Continue to maintain no incident of Our proprietary brand of products continues to conform to various international non-compliance with the relevant laws standards and requirements.
Please refer to the Business Operations section found and regulations on health and safety on page 4 to 8 of the annual report for more details on the accreditations of our impacts of products and services.
products.
In FY24, we maintained our track record of no incidents of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations on customers' health and safety and will continue to uphold this target.
25 UG HEALTHCARE CORPORATION LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Suppliers and Business Partners GRI 204-1 The Group remains committed to maintaining mutually beneficial partnerships with the local Performance in FY24 suppliers for our upstream manufacturing operations, whenever possible.
Achieved targets set for FY24.
Increase purchases for We believe that sourcing raw materials from local suppliers not only supports the local natural latex and nitrile economy and sustainability of their businesses, but also enhances cost efficiency and ensures and chemicals from local a consistent supply of raw materials for our upstream manufacturing operations.
suppliers.
No disruptions in the raw We recognise that the sustainability of our Group s operations may be influenced by the materials supply for our sustainability of our suppliers and business partners.
Hence, we cherish the trust and strong manufacturing operations.
business relationships we have built with our suppliers and business partners to drive sustainable growth together.
Targets for FY25 In FY24, we observed an increased in our purchases from local suppliers in Malaysia, where   To maintain similar our manufacturing operations are located.
We had no disruptions in the availability of raw percentage of purchases materials for our manufacturing processes, as we continue to receive excellent support from locally as FY24.
our long-term suppliers.
To maintain strong business relationships with our Proportion of Spending on Local Suppliers suppliers.
TYPES OF RAW MATERIALS FY24 FY23 FY22 Natural latex 9.6% 1.3% 3% Nitrile 21.6% 19.8% 23% Chemicals 100.0% 99.8% 99.0% Packaging materials 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% 26 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MATERIAL TOPIC: ENVIRONMENTAL Resource Efficiency GRI 302-1, 303-3, 305-1, 305-2 We have completed the installation of solar panels on the rooftop of our warehouse and office Performance in FY24 building at our upstream manufacturing facilities during FY24 in a bid to lower our energy   Recorded a decrease of 34.0% consumption from non-renewable sources.
in total energy consumption from 966,271 GJ in FY23 to Our upstream manufacturing facilities primarily depend on electricity and natural gas for energy 637,575 GJ in FY24.
consumption.
We primarily use natural gas for our production lines, which support functions   The energy consumption such as drying processes, chemical heating, and glove manufacturing, while we use electricity of non-renewable sources for lighting, cooling, and equipment operation.
We aim to reduce grid electricity consumption in decreased from 67,333 GJ of the office and warehouse by using solar-generated electricity.
Water consumption is primarily electricity and 898,938 GJ of for production lines in the manufacturing facilities.
natural gas in FY23 to 53,364 GJ of electricity and 583,895 Our Group s OBM model with our proprietary UNIGLOVES  brand gives us the option to GJ of natural gas in FY24.
collaborate with third-party manufacturers, who have the competitive cost advantage to   In FY24, renewable sources produce our products.
As such, we delayed the commissioning of our third manufacturing generated 316 GJ of facility with an installed production capacity of 1.2 billion pieces of gloves per annum in FY24 electricity from solar energy.
amid the ongoing consolidation of the global disposable glove industry.
Overall GHG emissions decreased from 63,214 tCOe 2 Our total energy consumption for the Group s manufacturing facilities decreased by 34.0% in FY23 to 42,803 tCOe in 2 year-on-year, from 966,271 gigajoules ( GJ ) in FY23 to 637,575 GJ in FY24.
The decrease FY24.
in total energy consumed raised the average consumption of electricity per 1,000 pieces of   Total volume of water gloves, which increased by 8.1% year-on-year, from 9.09 kWh in FY23 to 9.83 kWh in FY24, consumed reduced by 29.5% while the consumption of natural gas per 1,000 pieces of gloves decreased by 12.2% year-on- from 1,432.2 ML in FY23 to year, from 0.41 Metric Million British Thermal Unit ("MMBtu") in FY23 to 0.36 MMBtu in FY24.
1,009.0 ML in FY24.
Average consumption of The energy consumed was for the two existing manufacturing facilities as we have yet to energy and water per 1,000 commission the third manufacturing facility.
The Group s overall greenhouse gas ( GHG ) pieces of gloves produced in emissions reduced by 32.3% year-on-year, from 63,214 tonnes CO2e ( tCOe ) in FY23 to 42,803 FY24 increased on the back of 2 tCOe in FY24.
lower productivity.
2 Water consumed is provided by the local municipal water supply.
The total volume of water consumed at the Group s upstream manufacturing facilities decreased by 29.5% year-on-year, Targets for FY25 from 1,432.2 megaliters ( ML ) in FY23 to 1,009.0 ML in FY24.
Water consumption for the   To monitor our overall energy average per 1,000 pieces of gloves produced decreased by 4.3% year-on-year, from 0.70 litre and water consumption in FY23 to 0.67 litre in FY24.
performance data.
To raise production efficiency With the stabilisation of the ASP of disposable examination gloves and the normalisation of and productivity in order to inventory replacement cycles in our core markets, we are preparing to commence our third reduce average consumption manufacturing facility.
This production capacity will support our downstream distribution, of energy and water per 1,000 which has expanded the geographical network in FY24.
As a result, we will continue to monitor pieces of gloves produced.
and quantify our environmental footprint, particularly energy and water consumption, in order to better understand our baseline consumption at normal operations situation to facilitate us in setting realistic targets.
27 UG HEALTHCARE CORPORATION LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Energy consumed from non-renewable and renewable sources GRI 302-1 ENERGY SOURCES / CONSUMPTION (IN GJ) FY24 FY23 VARIANCE FY22 Electricity 53,364 67,333 - 20.7% 78,082 Natural gas 583,895 898,938 - 35.0% 1,125,842 Solar 316 - N.M. - Total energy consumed 637,575 966,271 - 34.0% 1,203,924 Direct (Scope 1) and Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions GRI 305-1, GRI 305-2 GHG EMISSIONS (IN tCOe) FY24 FY23 VARIANCE FY22 2 Scope 1 32,867 50,683 - 35.2% 63,475 Scope 2 9,936 12,531 - 20.7% 14,532 Total GHG Emissions 42,803 63,214 - 32.3% 78,007 Note: Conversion factors are based on published statistics from the Department for Environment Food & Rural Affairs ( Defra ) and Institute for Global Environmental Strategies.
Water consumed from third-party (local municipal water supply) GRI 303-3 CONSUMPTION (IN ML) FY24 FY23 VARIANCE FY22 Total consumption 1,009.0 1,432.2 - 29.5% 1,804.8 Average consumption of energy and water per 1,000 pieces of gloves produced AVERAGE CONSUMPTION UNIT FY24 FY23 VARIANCE FY22 Electricity kWh 9.83 9.09 + 8.1% 8.11 Natural gas MMBtu 0.36 0.41 - 12.2% 0.40 Water litre 0.67 0.70 - 4.3% 0.67 28 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Waste GRI 306-3 The Group is committed to preserving and protecting the environment and has met all Performance in FY24 applicable environmental requirements and standards.
We have industrial effluent treatment   Recorded a 29.0% decrease plants within our manufacturing facilities to treat effluent before discharging the wastewater in wastewater discharge into the environment.
Our treatment plants are in compliant with Malaysia's Department of from 1,252,626 m3 in FY23 to Environment.
889,208 m3 in FY24.
Recorded a 1.1% decreased in We monitor and measure our waste materials from our manufacturing facilities, and most of scheduled waste from 1,341 the waste we manage originates from the production of natural latex and nitrile examination metric tonnes in FY23 to 1,326 disposable gloves.
metric tonnes in FY24.
In FY24, our manufacturing facilities discharged 889,208 m3 of wastewater, a 29.0% year-on- year decrease from 1,252,626 m3 in FY23.
The average wastewater discharge per 1,000 pieces Targets for FY25 of gloves decreased from 0.61 m3 in FY23 to 0.59 m3 in FY24, in tandem with the relatively   To monitor on our overall lower quantity of gloves produced at our manufacturing facility in FY24.
performance when the third manufacturing facility is An approved licensed collector will send the scheduled waste, which includes latex lumps, commissioned.
rubber sludge, laboratory waste, used oil, rags, ink, and empty containers, to the prescribed   Continue to maintain good premises for recovery and disposal.
The latex lump and rubber sludge will undergo an in- waste management efforts.
house drying and compressing process before they are disposed.
The scheduled waste in FY24 decreased by 1.1% year-on-year, from 1,341 metric tonnes ("MT") in FY23 to 1,326 MT.
However, the average scheduled waste per 1,000 pieces of gloves increased by 31.8% year-on-year, from 0.66 kg to 0.87 kg.
This was due to an increase in the variety of gloves produced, which required more frequent changes of the formulated latex in the dipping tanks, resulting in more latex lump waste.
We strive to maintain good waste management efforts while meeting our customers  requirements.
When our third manufacturing facility starts production, we will continue to monitor our performance.
We believe a better understanding of our baseline in normal operations situations would help us set realistic targets.
WASTE GENERATED FY24 FY23 VARIANCE FY22 Wastewater discharged 889,208 m3 1,252,626 m3 - 29.0% 1,522,842 m3 Per 1,000 pieces of gloves 0.59 m3 0.61 m3 - 3.3% 0.57 m3 Scheduled waste 1,326 MT 1,341 MT - 1.1% 1,165 MT Per 1,000 pieces of gloves 0.87 kg 0.66 kg + 31.8% 0.43 kg 29 UG HEALTHCARE CORPORATION LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MATERIAL TOPIC: SOCIAL Employment, Diversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 401-1, 405-1 At UG Healthcare, we are committed to fair employment practices and maintaining a working Performance in FY24 environment where our employees are respected and empowered to perform at their best.
We   Achieved target of no incident believe that our employees' health, career growth, and well-being are integral to our Group's of non-compliance with the continuous growth and long-term success.
relevant laws and regulations related to fair employment We value our employees as fellow colleagues with an aligned vision of doing well together in practices which is in line with our roles and responsibilities.
At UG Healthcare, we prohibit any form of forced labour, human the target set for FY24.
trafficking, and modern slavery in our Group.
The Group does not discriminate against our   Maintained 95.9% of our employees or new hires based on race, age, gender, religion, marital status, ethnicity, physical workforce below the age of impairments, sexual preference, political viewpoints, or nationality.
We handle recruitment, 50.
remuneration, promotion, and benefits based on an objective assessment of merit, equal   Our gender diversity opportunity, and non-discrimination.
remained relatively consistent, with 85.3% of the While the Group has in place our staff handbook and human resources manual that adhere workforce being male in FY24, to the legislation and guidelines in the country of operations, we also conduct engagement up from 85.0% in FY23, by and sessions twice weekly, particularly for our foreign employees, through our HR Helpdesk large due to the nature of the programme to assist them when issues arise.
We prioritised regular communication and industry.
education with our foreign employees to assist with their adjustments, and we support the   The rate of hiring new nomination and election of employee representatives to protect the welfare of all nationalities.
employees decreased to 10.4% in FY24 from 16.2% During FY24, we conducted the Employee Representative Election exercise for the term from in FY23 due to ongoing 2024 to 2026 and successfully appointed members among our foreign workers of diverse consolidation in the glove nationalities.
The employees elected are placed in charge of ensuring the welfare of the manufacturing industry.
nationalities.
We also hold quarterly meetings with employee representatives to foster effective   Completed 4-pillar SMETA communication, enhance working relationships, and improve the workplace environment.
audit on Labour Standards, Health & Safety, Environment We have also established various communication channels for our employees to voice their and Business Ethics.
issues and grievances to the management.
These include suggestion boxes located at various points on the premises, online submission through the Employee Self Service ( ESS ) system, or direct contact with any human resources personnel, either in person or via phone calls.
Targets for FY25   Continue to maintain no The centralised workers  accommodation with communal recreational amenities is still in incident of non-compliance progress.
We remain committed to improving the living conditions and work-life balance of our with the relevant laws foreign employees, who are currently staying in various rented hostels.
and regulations in fair employment practices.
As the disposable glove manufacturing industry continues to undergo consolidation, our   Continue to monitor and headcount decreased by 14.8% year-on-year from 1,054 employees in FY23 to 898 employees review the recruitment in FY24, and our hiring rate declined from 16.2% in FY23 to 10.4% in FY24.
In FY24, all of our procedure and systems employees were full-time, compared to approximately 99.1% in FY23.
to ensure fair and non- discrimination in hiring.
Continue to conduct annual SMETA audits against 4-pillars.
Continue to improve the diversity of our workforce in terms of gender diversity.
30 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Employee turnover was primarily due to natural attrition, and recruitment occurred as and when requirements arose.
We offer competitive remuneration packages to all our employees, aligned with industry benchmarks and based on their working experience, and provide them with the option to work overtime in accordance with local employment law in Malaysia.
Due to the nature of the job, gender diversity is male-dominated industry-wide.
In FY24, the gender diversity is comparable to that of FY23; approximately 85.3% of our employees are males and 14.7% are females, compared to 85.0% males and 15.0% females in FY23.
Nonetheless, we continue to maintain a relatively young workforce, with 95.9% of our total employees under the age of 50 in FY24, as compared to 97.1% in FY23.
In FY24, we conducted our annual 4-pillar SMETA audit that covers Labour Standards, Health & Safety, Environment, and Business Ethics at our upstream manufacturing operations.
We are pleased to report that there were no incidents of non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations related to fair employment practices during FY24, and we will strive to maintain this track record.
The demographics of our employees for our upstream manufacturing operations in Malaysia and corporate office in Singapore are as follows: EMPLOYEES BY GENDER 14.7% 15.0% 16.2% 898 1,054 1,076 85.3% 85.0% 83.8% FY24 FY23 FY22 Male Female 31 UG HEALTHCARE CORPORATION LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT EMPLOYEES BY AGE GROUP 4.1% 2.9% 3.4% 898 1,054 1,076 60.9% 35.0% 48.0% 49.1% 46.6% 50.0% FY24 FY23 FY22 Under 30 years old 30-50 years old Over 50 years old DIVERSITY BY EMPLOYEE CATEGORY, GENDER, AND AGE GROUP FYE 30 JUNE / FY24 FY23 EMPLOYEE CATEGORY MGMT EXEC NON-EXEC MGMT EXEC NON-EXEC 3.9% 7.9% 88.2% 3.2% 9.0% 87.8% Group 35 71 792 34 95 925 Diversity by Gender Male 51.4% 28.2% 91.9% 55.9% 33.7% 91.4% Female 48.6% 71.8% 8.1% 44.1% 66.3% 8.6% Diversity by Age Group Below 30 2.9% 46.5% 35.4% 2.9% 62.1% 49.4% Between 30   50 74.3% 45.1% 61.7% 79.4% 32.6% 48.4% Above 50 22.8% 8.4% 2.9% 17.6% 5.3% 2.2% Note: Mgmt denotes senior management, Exec includes middle management and supervisor positions, and Non-Exec includes production and administrative positions.
DIVERSITY BY GENDER AND AGE GROUP ON HIRING RATE FY24 FY23 FY22 FYE 30 JUNE / HIRING RATE NUMBER RATE NUMBER RATE NUMBER RATE Diversity by Gender Male 71 7.9% 150 14.2% 253 23.5% Female 22 2.5% 21 2.0% 104 9.7% Diversity by Age Group Below 30 56 6.3% 96 9.1% 237 22.0% Between 30   50 35 3.9% 74 7.0% 116 10.8% Above 50 2 0.2% 1 0.1% 4 0.4% Total new employees 93 10.4% 171 16.2% 357 33.2% Note We compute the hiring rate using the total number of 898 employees as at 30 June 2024, 1,054 employees as at 30 June 2023, and 1,076 employees as at 30 June 2022.
32 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Occupational Health and Safety GRI 403-5, 403-9 We acknowledged that our Group s workforce is of the utmost importance, and we are Performance in FY24 committed to providing a healthy and safe working environment for our people.
We enforce   Achieved targets set for FY24.
a strong culture on health and safety within the organisation, which requires all members   Recorded zero incidents of our workforce to be leaders in creating a safe work environment.
We believe that self- resulting in fatality and responsibility through regular reminders and education will reduce work-related injuries and permanent disability.
accidents while also improving organisational cohesion.
Recorded no incident of non- compliance with the relevant We will continue to stay vigilant in identifying and managing occupational risk exposure, laws and regulations relating minimising occupational illness occurrences, and promoting healthy lifestyles.
A Health & to occupational health and Safety Committee ( HSC ) comprising employee representatives of various sections of the safety.
workplace is in place to meet every quarter to review and discuss the relevance and currency   Recorded 23 recordable work- of the training courses, policies, and procedures.
related injuries and 0.03% total work days lost in FY24, The responsibilities of the HSC and its members include: (i) assisting in the development of as compared to 46 incidents safety and health rules and a safe system of work; (ii) reviewing the effectiveness of safety and and 0.06% work days lost in health programmes; (iii) conducting studies on the trends of accidents, near-miss accidents, FY23.
dangerous occurrences, and occupational hazards and reporting the same to the Group's management, along with recommendations for corrective actions; and (iv) reviewing the safety and health policies at the workplace and providing recommendations to the Group's Targets for FY25 management for any policy revision.
We will continue to conduct regular refresher training for All employees will have to undergo courses to equip themselves with the necessary knowledge our employees to make sure and skills required for their roles and responsibilities.
New and existing employees are also they understand the policies required to attend trainings under our Occupational Health & Safety programme which and standard procedures, includes health and safety policies, basic first aid training, emergency response training, safe and we will continuously work procedures, and work instructions on a regular basis.
emphasise the importance of adhering to workplace The following safety requirements will be briefed and obeyed by our subcontractors and safety standards and rules visitors before they enter into our manufacturing facilities: to minimise work-related   smoking in the manufacturing vicinity is strictly prohibited injuries.
safety requirements to be fulfilled when handling equipment   To maintain the number of   good housekeeping during and after completion of work recordable work-related   emergency response procedure injury incidents to less than 40 cases annually.
In FY24, we had zero occurrences that led to fatality or permanent disability.
Nevertheless, in   To maintain zero incidents FY24, we observed 23 recordable job-related injuries, which account for 0.03% of work days resulting in fatality and lost, as compared to 46 recordable work-related injuries in FY23, which resulted in 0.06% of permanent disability.
work days lost.
Despite the fact that the injuries were minor, we will continue to emphasise   To maintain no incidents of the health, safety, and well-being of our employees, ensuring that their livelihoods remain our non-compliance with the primary concern.
relevant laws and regulations relating to occupational health and safety, providing FYE 30 JUNE / a safe working environment, WORK-RELATED INJURIES BY GENDER FY24 FY23 FY22 and protecting our employees Male 22 45 33 from occupational hazards.
Female 1 1 0 Work days lost 0.03% 0.06% 0.02% Note: Work days lost in percentage denotes total lost days due to injuries over total number working days of total workforce in the respective financial years.
33 UG HEALTHCARE CORPORATION LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Skills Competency and Education GRI 404-1.
404-3 Our employees are our organisation s lifeline, and it is imperative that we maintain our practice Performance in FY24 of maximising the value of those who contribute to the success of our Group.
Recorded an average of 2.8 hours of training per Through formal and on-the-job training programmes, UG Healthcare provides every employee employee for all employees at the upstream manufacturing with the opportunity to upgrade and improve their skills and knowledge.
We select training division in Malaysia and programmes based on the roles and responsibilities of our employees.
These training corporate office in Singapore programmes include: i) hygiene and disease prevention measures; ii) basic occupational first in FY24, a 54.8% decrease aid, cardiopulmonary resuscitation ( CPR ), and automated external defibrillator ( AED ); iii) from an average of 5.3 hours 5S Towards Quality Work Environment; iv) skills enhancement programmes; v) self-contained of training per employee in breathing apparatus ( SCBA ) handling and training; vi) workplace safety; vii) administrative FY23.
management methods and concepts; and viii) corporate culture and management.
We will   All full-time employees continue to look into ways to enable our employees to grow with the organisation.
received annual performance evaluation.
We completed an aggregate of 2,506.5 training hours for 898 employees in FY24, with an average of 2.8 hours of training per employee.
This represents a 54.8% decrease from the 5,543.8 training hours for 1,054 employees and an average of 5.3 hours of training per employee Targets for FY25   Continue to explore new in FY23.
The ongoing consolidation of the glove manufacturing industry post-pandemic was training programmes to primarily responsible for the decrease in the number of employees due to the reduction in upgrade the knowledge and production activities, and thereby led to a reduction in training hours for production workers.
skills of our employees.
We shall continue to monitor our performance to have a better understanding of our baseline   To monitor on our in setting realistic targets.
performance and understand the training requirements for Average Training Hours Per Employee all employees as the industry normalise before setting FYE 30 JUNE / targets.
FY24 FY23 EMPLOYEE   To maintain annual CATEGORY MGMT EXEC NON-EXEC MGMT EXEC NON-EXEC performance evaluation for all full-time employees.
Average 20.7 19.1 0.5 22.6 18.5 3.3 Male 10.1 22.9 0.5 16.5 27.4 3.2 Female 32.1 17.6 0.4 30.3 14.0 4.0 We grant discretionary incentives to eligible employees based on their performance and contributions to the Group.
We also conduct annual reviews with our employees, outlining a clear career progression path and arranging trainings to enable them to assume the necessary responsibilities.
We regularly review remuneration policies and packages to ensure that the compensation and benefits align with industry standards.
This helps the Group in recruiting and retaining talent.
All our full-time employees received annual performance evaluation in FY24.
34 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MATERIAL TOPIC: GOVERNANCE Regulatory Compliance GRI 2-27 At UG Healthcare, we understand that responsible business practices are essential to fulfilling Performance in FY24 our goal of providing quality and reliable hand protection solutions and personal protective   Achieved targets set for FY24.
equipment for users  professional applications in a variety of industries.
We demonstrate this   Recorded no incident of advocacy by implementing ethical and responsible policies and practices that are embedded at non-compliance with the all levels of the organisation.
relevant laws and regulations relating to social, economic, The Group remains committed to conducting our business in accordance with applicable social, and environmental that could economic, and environmental regulations and standards through internal checks and balances, potentially result in internal as well as regular reporting and updates to the appropriate authorities and agencies.
We think disciplinary action or public that strong corporate governance and compliance with regulatory obligations are the minimal allegation.
standards, and we strive to exceed them.
Complied with the principles and guidelines set out in the We continue to proactively monitor, identify, and address a broader range of socioeconomic and Code of Governance 2018, environmental concerns, as well as possible risks and consequences on our global businesses where appropriate.
that extend beyond our upstream manufacturing operations in Malaysia and corporate office   Recorded no incident of non- in Singapore.
We remain dedicated to conducting our business with integrity and safeguarding compliance with management the interests of all stakeholders.
controls and procedures.
We are pleased to report that there were no socioeconomic or environmental violations of laws and regulations during FY24.
Targets for FY25   Maintain no incident of Corporate Governance non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations UG Healthcare s Board and management are committed to upholding excellent corporate in the social, economic, and governance and transparency standards in order to ensure the long-term viability of the environmental aspect.
Group s operations and safeguard the interests of all our stakeholders.
Maintain no incident of non- compliance with management We will continue to uphold best practices in corporate transparency and disclosures, and we controls and procedures.
have systems and policies in place to ensure that we comply with applicable legislation and   Continue to monitor and adhere to our risk management principles.
The pursuit of corporate excellence always drives update the adequacy of the us to improve ourselves through a more transparent, accountable, and equitable structure.
management controls and procedures as the Group Please refer to our annual report for FY24 from pages 41 to 71, for more details on the Group s reviews the impacts of corporate governance practices, precautionary measures, and risk management structure.
climate-related issues on its operations and expansion plans.
35 UG HEALTHCARE CORPORATION LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Cybersecurity Risk Management and Data Privacy GRI 418-1 UG Healthcare values each individual s privacy and is committed to safeguarding the Performance in FY24 confidentiality, integrity, and availability of personal data collected in accordance with the   Achieved the target set for principles outlined in our Information Technology ( IT ) Policy and related guidelines.
FY24.
Recorded no incident of non- The Group is committed to complying with the Personal Data Protection Act and all applicable compliance on cybersecurity laws.
With the digital transformation trend, we are also stepping up efforts to establish systems and data privacy.
and procedures in place to protect information about our businesses and key stakeholders, particularly our employees and customers.
We have implemented various mitigation measures as part of our risk management approach to safeguard against IT system failure and malicious Targets for FY25 attacks.
These include, but are not limited to, network firewalls and antiviral software.
Maintain our track record of zero incidents of non- In FY24, there were no breaches of customer privacy or identified leaks, thefts, or losses of compliance on cybersecurity customer data.
We aim to maintain zero occurrences of customer or data privacy breaches and data privacy.
in FY25, as we will remain vigilant and strictly adhere to all applicable rules and regulations.
Anti-Corruption GRI 205-3 The Group remains committed to conducting our business with integrity and transparency with Performance in FY24 no compromise on corruption and bribery.
We have zero tolerance for fraudulent and corrupt   Achieved the target set for practices that may disrupt business operations and impede our growth.
FY24,   Recorded zero incident of We have implemented the Corruption Prevention Policy and Framework ( CPPF ) and provided non-compliance with the Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Guidelines to our employees on how to take reasonable relevant laws and regulations actions and steps to ensure the group does not engage in bribery activities.
that cover corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud, and money We have also put into effect a number of policies, such as the Conduct and Discipline Policy, laundering.
the Conflict-of-Interest Policy, and the Whistle-Blowing Policy, which serve as reminders to all members of the organisation about the importance of taking proactive steps to prevent, regulate, and facilitate the reporting of any illegal or unethical practices within the organisation.
Targets for FY25   To monitor and keep policies In FY24, the Group continued to have zero bribery, extortion, fraud, or money laundering and practices relevant and violations.
We will continue to be vigilant in monitoring and keeping our policies and practices updated.
relevant and current.
Continue to maintain no incident of non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that cover corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud, and money laundering.
36 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT GRI CONTENT INDEX Statement of use UG Healthcare Corporation Limited has reported this information cited in this GRI Content Index for the period from 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024 ( FY24 ) with reference to the GRI Standards.
GRI 1 used GRI 1: Foundation 2021 GRI STANDARDS DISCLOSURE REFERENCE GRI 2: 2-1: Organisational details Annual Report ( AR )   Company Profile, page 1 General Disclosures 2021 2-2: Entities included in the organisation s Sustainability Report ( SR ) - Board Statement, page sustainability reporting 17 to 18 2-3: Reporting period, frequency and contact point SR   Board Statement, page 17 to 18 2-4: Restatements of information SR   Board Statement, page 17 to 18 2-5: External assurance SR   Board Statement, page 17 to 18 2-6: Activities, value chain, and other business AR   Letter to Shareholders, page 2 to 3 relationships AR   Business Operations, page 4 to 8 2-9: Governance structure and composition SR   Sustainability Governance, page 19 AR   Board of Directors, page 14 to 16 AR   Corporate Governance, page 41 to 71 2-10: Nomination and selection of the highest AR   Corporate Governance Report, governance body page 46 to 52 2-15 Conflicts of interest AR   Corporate Governance, page 42 2-16 Communication of critical concerns AR   Corporate Governance, page 68 to 71 2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest AR   Corporate Governance, page 42 governance body 2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest AR   Corporate Governance, page 57 to 58 governance body 2-19 Remuneration policies AR   Corporate Governance, page 58 to 61 2-20 Process to determine remuneration AR   Corporate Governance, page 58 to 63 2-22 Statement on sustainable development SR   Board Statement, page 17 to 18 strategy 2-23 Policy commitments SR   Board Statement, page 17 to 18 SR   Sustainability Governance, page 19 SR   Stakeholder Engagement, page 20 to 21 2-24 Embedding policy commitments SR   Sustainability Governance, page 19 SR   Materiality Assessment, page 22 2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts AR   Corporate Governance, page 64 to 66 2-26: Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising SR   Employment, Diversity and Equal concerns Opportunity, page 30 to 32 SR   Occupational Health and Safety, page 33 2-27: Compliance with laws and regulations SR   Regulatory Compliance, page 35 2-28: Membership associations SR   Customer Management, page 25 2-29: Approach to stakeholder engagement SR   Stakeholder Engagement, page 20 to 21 GRI 3: 3-1: Process to determine material topics SR   Materiality Assessment, page 22 Material Topics 2021 3-2: List of material topics 3-3: Management of material topics GRI 201: 201-1: Direct economic value generated and SR   Economic: Economic Performance, page 23 Economic Performance distributed 201-2: Financial implications and other risks and SR   Economic: Climate-related Risks and opportunities due to climate change Opportunities, page 24 37 UG HEALTHCARE CORPORATION LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT GRI STANDARDS DISCLOSURE REFERENCE GRI 204: 204-1: Proportion of spending on local suppliers SR   Economic: Suppliers and Business Partners, Procurement Practices page 26 2016 GRI 205: Anti-corruption 205-3: Confirmed incidents of corruption and SR - Governance: Anti-corruption, page 36 2016 actions taken GRI 302: 302-1: Energy consumption SR   Environmental: Resource Efficiency, page 27 Energy 2016 to 28 GRI 303: Water and 303-3: Water withdrawal SR   Environmental: Resource Efficiency, page 27 Effluents 2018 to 28 GRI 305: 305-1: Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions SR   Environmental: Resource Efficiency, page 27 Emissions 2016 305-2: Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions to 28 GRI 306: Waste 2020 306-3: Waste generated SR   Environmental: Waste, page 29 GRI 401: Employment 401-1: New employee hires and employee SR   Social: Employment, Diversity and Equal 2016 turnover Opportunity, page 30 to 32 GRI 403: 403-5: Worker training on occupational health and SR   Social: Occupational Health and Safety, Occupational Health and safety page 33 Safety (2018) 403-9: Work related injuries GRI 404: 404-1: Average hours of training per year per SR   Social: Skills Competency and Education, Training & Education employee page 34 (2016) 404-3: Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews GRI 405: 405-1: Diversity of governance bodies and SR   Social: Employment, Diversity and Equal Diversity and equal employees Opportunity, page 30 to 32 opportunity (2016) GRI 416: Customer Health 416-2: Incidents of non-compliance concerning SR   Economic: Customer Management, page 25 and Safety 2016 the health and safety impacts of products and services GRI 418: Customer 418-1: Substantiated complaints concerning SR   Governance: Cybersecurity Risk Privacy 2016 breaches of customer privacy and losses of Management and Data Privacy, page 36 customer data 38 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT TCFD CONTENT INDEX Based on the requirements in Rules 711A and 711B of the Catalist Rules as well as the SGX-ST s Sustainability Reporting Guide, we have outlined our climate-related disclosures based on TCFD Recommendations in the table below.
TCFD THEMATIC AREAS RECOMMENDED DISCLOSURES REFERENCE GOVERNANCE Disclose the organisation s Describe the board s oversight of climate-related SR   Board Statement, page 17 to 18 governance around risks and opportunities.
SR   Sustainability Governance, page 19 climate-related risks and Describe management s role in assessing and SR   Sustainability Governance, page 19 opportunities managing climate-related risks and opportunities.
STRATEGY Disclose the actual and Describe the climate-related risks and SR   Economic: Climate-related risks and potential impacts of opportunities the organisation has identified over opportunities, page 24 climate-related risks the short, medium, and long term.
and opportunities on the Describe the impact of climate-related risks and Potential financial impacts have been identified in organisation s businesses, opportunities on the organisation s businesses, the TCFD table.
strategy, and financial strategy, and financial planning.
planning where such SR   Economic: Climate-related risks and information is material.
opportunities, page 24 Describe the resilience of the organisation s The Group currently does not employ scenario strategy, taking into consideration different analysis in identifying climate risks and climate-related scenarios, including a 2 C or lower opportunities.
However, there are plans to scenario.
integrate scenario analysis into our assessment of climate risks and opportunities in the future.
RISK MANAGEMENT Disclose how the Describe the organisation s processes for SR   Economic: Climate-related risks and organisation identifies, identifying and assessing climate-related risks.
opportunities, page 24 assesses, and manages climate-related risks UG Healthcare is working progressively and it shall be disclosing more information in future reports.
Describe the organisation s processes for UG Healthcare is working progressively on the managing climate-related risks.
processes for managing climate-related risks, and it shall be disclosing more information in future reports.
Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, UG Healthcare is working progressively on the and managing climate-related risks are integrated processes for managing climate-related risks, and into the organisation s overall risk management.
it shall be disclosing more information in future reports.
39 UG HEALTHCARE CORPORATION LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT TCFD THEMATIC AREAS RECOMMENDED DISCLOSURES REFERENCE METRICS AND TARGETS Disclose the metrics and Disclose the metrics used by the organisation to SR   Environmental: Resource Efficiency, page 27 targets used to assess assess climate-related risks and opportunities to 28 and manage relevant in line with its strategy and risk management climate-related risks and process.
As part of UG Healthcare s annual sustainability opportunities where such reporting, we track metrics such as: information is material.
- Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions - Consumption of both non-renewal and renewable energy, and water - Waste generated Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions are disclosed Scope 3 GHG emissions, and the related risks.
in our SR   Environmental: Resource Efficiency, page 27 to 28 We have reported and compared our Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions for FY24 and FY23 based on our upstream manufacturing operations in Malaysia.
We will review and develop and report our Scope 3 GHG emissions, as and when appropriate.
Describe the targets used by the organisation to UG Healthcare is working progressively and shall manage climate-related risks and opportunities be disclosing more information in future reports.
and performance against targets.
40
