/ SUSTAINABILITY REPORT CONTENTS AT A GLANCE 15 Board Statement 15 Our Business 16 Sustainability Performance 16 Reporting Scope 16 Sustainability Governance at ABR 16 REPORTING FRAMEWORK 17 POLICY, PRACTICE AND PERFORMANCE REPORTING 18 Sustainability Reporting Processes 18 Materiality Assessment 18 Performance Tracking and Reporting 19 Stakeholder Engagement 19 KEY SUSTAINABILITY FACTORS 20 Total Customer Satisfaction 21 Sustainable Business Performance 22 Water Conservation 22 Energy Conservation and GHG Emissions Reduction 22 Responsible Waste Management 26 Occupational Health and Safety 26 Talent Retention and Development 27 Diversity and Equal Opportunity 28 Ongoing Community Engagement 29 Commitment to Consistent Quality and Food Safety 31 Robust Corporate Governance Framework 32 Targets and Performance Highlights 33 APPENDICES 35 Supporting the SDGs 35 Supporting the TCFD 36 GRI Content Index 39 14 ABR HOLDINGS LIMITED / SUSTAINABILITY REPORT AT A GLANCE Board Statement ABR Holdings Limited, ( ABR  or the  Company , and together with its subsidiaries, the  Group  or  We ) reaffirm its commitment to sustainability with the publication of this sustainability report ( Report ).
For this Report, we provide insights into the way we do business, while highlighting under the pillars of environmental, social, governance and economic performance (collectively referred to as  Sustainability Factors ).
Having considered the Group s sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation and business strategies, the Board of Directors ( Board ) determined the key Sustainability Factors and overseen the management and the monitoring of the key Sustainability Factors.
This Report communicates our support towards the United Nations  Sustainable Development Goals ( SDGs ).
We work closely with stakeholders in our value chain and their inputs drive our sustainability focus on our key Sustainability Factors and the SDGs as follows: Economic Total Customer Satisfaction Customers Suppliers Social Occupational Health and Safety Sustainable Business Performance Employees Employees Regulators Regulators Shareholders Talent Retention and Development Employees Environmental Water Conservation Diversity and Equal Communities Opportunity Shareholders Employees Energy Conservation Our Ongoing Community and GHG Emissions Reduction Engagement Sustainability Communities Communities Shareholders Framework Responsible Waste Management Commitment to Consistent Communities Quality and Food Safety Regulators Customers Shareholders Regulators Suppliers Governance Robust Corporate Governance Framework Shareholders Regulators ANNUAL REPORT 2023 15 / SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Our Business Details of the brand names operated under our Group can be found in the  Our Brand  section of this Annual Report.
Sustainability Performance An overview of the key sustainability performance in financial year ( FY ) 2023 is as follows: Sustainability Performance Sustainability Pillar Performance Indicator FY2023 FY2022 Economic Number of outlets (Swensen s) 25 25 Environmental Water consumption intensity 1.18 1.19 (Cu M/revenue S$ 000) Total greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions 6,782 6,0061 (Scope 1 and 2) (tonnes COe) 2 GHG emissions intensity 0.058 0.0591 (tonnes COe/revenue S$ 000) 2 Social Number of reported incidents of non-compliance     with employment laws Number of workplace fatalities     Number of high consequence work-related     injuries2 Number of recordable work-related injuries 24 30 Number of recordable work-related ill-health3   1 Average training hours per female employee 7.6 4.01 Average training hours per male employee 7.6 2.81 Number of reported incidents of unlawful     discrimination against employees4 Governance Number of incidents of serious offence5     Reporting Scope This Report is applicable for the Group s FY from 1 January to 31 December 2023 ( FY2023  or  Reporting Period ).
This Report delineates the sustainability performance of ABR for FY2023 and forms part of ABR s Annual Report FY2023.
We provided information on areas which has the greatest sustainability impact together with our performances in FY2023.
This Report covers food and beverage ( F&B ) entities which contributes to approximately 100% (FY2022: 100%) of our F&B revenue for the Group during the Reporting Period: S/N Entity 1 ABR Holdings Limited 2 All Best Foods Pte Ltd 3 21 Tanjong Pagar Pte Ltd 4 Food Creations Pte Ltd 5 Chilli Padi Holding Pte Ltd and its subsidiaries 6 Season Confectionary & Bakery Sdn Bhd 7 Season s Caf  Sdn Bhd Sustainability Governance at ABR The Board oversees and manages the direction, approach and performance of sustainability of ABR.
As part of our continual efforts to upgrade the knowledge of our directors on sustainability reporting and to meet the requirement of listing rule 720 (7) of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ( SGX-ST ), we confirm that all our directors attended one of the approved sustainability training courses.
1 Figure is restated as a correction.
2 High-consequence work-related injuries refer to injuries from which the worker cannot recover or cannot recover fully to pre-injury health status within six months.
3 Work-related ill health cases refer to negative impacts on health arising from exposure to hazards at work.
4 An unlawful discrimination refers to an incident whereby the relevant authority has commenced investigation and resulted in a penalty to a company.
5 A serious offence is defined as one that involves fraud or dishonesty involving an amount not less than SGD 100,000 and is punishable by imprisonment for a term of not less than two years, which is being or has been committed against a company by its officers or employees.
16 ABR HOLDINGS LIMITED / PLATES OF PROGRESS The Chairman of the Board leads an executive level Sustainability Committee ( SC ) in monitoring and managing our sustainability practices while keeping the Board updated of key developments.
The SC is further supported by selected employees from the key business units and corporate functions in consolidating necessary performance data for this Report.
Besides the SC, the Board is also supported by the Audit Committee ( AC ) on specific sustainability matters under its terms of reference.
Our sustainability governance structure and the responsibilities of component parties are detailed as follows: Board   Determines key Sustainability Factors of the Group   Oversees the identification and evaluation of climate-related risks and opportunities   Reviews and approves sustainability strategy and targets, policies, and sustainability report (including materiality assessment process and outcome)   Ensures the integration of sustainability and climate-related risks and opportunities within the Group s enterprise risk management ( ERM ) framework   Monitors implementation of sustainability strategies, policies and performance against targets AC SC (Executive Level)   Reviews the adequacy of the Group s internal controls   Develops sustainability strategy and policies and systems and processes recommends revisions to the Board   Oversees the conduct of assurance activities pertaining to   Ensures the implementation of sustainability strategy the company s sustainability reporting process is aligned across business segments and geographical locations   Evaluates overall sustainability risks and opportunities, including a focus on climate-related issues   Undertakes materiality assessment and review sustainability report prior to approval by the Board   Aligns practices on the ground with the organisation-wide sustainability agenda and strategy   Monitors sustainability activities and performance against targets Business Units Corporate Functions As we are still refining our sustainability related metric measuring, tracking and target setting mechanism, we will link key executives  remuneration to sustainability performance when the mechanism is more mature and stable.
REPORTING FRAMEWORK This Report is prepared in accordance with Mainboard Listing Rules 711A and 711B of the SGX-ST.
This Report is also prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative ( GRI ) standards for the Reporting Period.
We chose to report using the GRI Standards as it is an internationally recognised reporting framework that covers a comprehensive range of sustainability disclosures.
Our climate-related disclosures are produced based on the 11 recommendations of the Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures ( TCFD ).
As part of our continual efforts to align our sustainability reporting with relevant market standards, we mapped our sustainability efforts to the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development which is adopted by all United Nations Member States in 2015 ( UN Sustainability Agenda ).
The UN Sustainability Agenda provides a shared blueprint for peace and prosperity for people and the planet, now and into the future.
At its heart are the 17 SDGs, which form an urgent call for action by all countries   developed and developing   in a global partnership.
We incorporated the SDGs, where appropriate, as a supporting framework to shape and guide our sustainability strategy.
We relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy for this Report.
An internal review on sustainability reporting is incorporated into the risk-aligned internal audit rotational plan and we will also work towards external assurance for our future sustainability reports.
We welcome our stakeholders to provide feedback on this Report and our sustainability performance by writing to our dedicated email account of sustainability@abr.com.
sg.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 17 / SUSTAINABILITY REPORT POLICY, PRACTICE AND PERFORMANCE REPORTING Our sustainability reporting policy ( SR Policy ) covers the sustainability strategies and processes in place to identify and monitor key Sustainability Factors and serves as a point of reference to how we conduct our sustainability reporting.
Under this SR Policy, we review our key Sustainability Factors from time to time, taking into account the feedback that we receive from our engagement with our stakeholders as well as considering relevant internal and external developments.
Sustainability Reporting Processes A sustainability report is published annually in accordance with our SR Policy.
Under our SR policy, our sustainability reporting process begins with an understanding of the Group s context.
This is followed by the ongoing identification and assessment of the Group s sustainability-related impacts.
The most significant impacts are prioritised for reporting, and the result of this process is a list of key Sustainability Factors disclosed in this Report.
Process involved are shown in the chart below: Context Understand the Group s context by considering its activities, business relationships, stakeholders, and sustainability context of all the entities it controls or has an interest in, including minority interests.
Identification Identify actual and potential impacts on the economy, environment, people and their human rights.
Rating Assess the pervasiveness of Sustainability Factors across the Group and cluster similar Sustainability Factors.
Prioritisation Prioritise the impacts based on their significance to determine the key Sustainability Factors for reporting.
Validate Sustainability Factors will be internally validated by leadership.
Review In each reporting period, review the key Sustainability Factors from the previous reporting period to account for changes in impacts which can result from feedback received from engagement with stakeholders, organisational and external developments.
Materiality Assessment We consistently refine our management approach to effectively respond to the dynamic shifts within the business landscape.
Aligned with the GRI standards, a cornerstone of our commitment is the undertaking of annual materiality assessment to ensure ongoing relevance and materiality of sustainability issues are addressed and disclosed within this Report.
The scope of materiality assessment encompasses both positive and negative, actual and potential impacts that may arise, and are based on: (i) the likelihood of occurrence; and (ii) their significance on the economy, environment, social aspects and contribution to sustainable development.
18 ABR HOLDINGS LIMITED / PLATES OF PROGRESS Performance Tracking and Reporting We track the progress of our key Sustainability Factors by identifying, monitoring and measuring the relevant data points.
In addition, we set performance targets that are aligned with our business strategies to ensure that we remain focused in our path to sustainability.
We aim to consistently enhance our performance-monitoring and data collection processes.
Stakeholder Engagement Through a stakeholder mapping exercise, we identified key stakeholder groups which we prioritise our engagements with.
These include entities or individuals that have an effect on or are affected by the Group and our activities.
Our efforts on sustainability are focused on creating sustainable value for our key stakeholders, which comprises communities, customers, employees, regulators, shareholders and suppliers.
As a Group, we actively engage our key stakeholders regularly through both formal and informal communication channels as follows: Communication Stakeholder Communication Channel Key Concern of Stakeholder Frequency Communities Ongoing Corporate giving and philanthropy   Corporate social activities responsibility   Environmental initiatives Ongoing Engagement with community projects and charities Ongoing Open feedback channels Customers Ongoing Guest satisfaction surveys   Customer health and safety   Customer service Ongoing Open feedback channels Employees Regularly Induction programme for new   Career development and employees training opportunities   Work-life balance Regularly Training and development   Job security programmes   Remuneration   Workplace health and Annually Career development performance safety appraisals Regularly Recreational and wellness activities Regularly E-mails and meetings Regulators Ongoing Meetings and dialogue sessions   Corporate governance   Workplace health and Regularly Membership in industry associations safety such as Singapore Institute of   Food safety and hygiene Directors, Singapore Business   Environmental compliance Federation and Restaurant Association of Singapore Shareholders Regularly SGXNet   Sustainable business performance Annually Annual General Meeting   Market valuation As required Extraordinary General Meeting   Dividend payment   Corporate governance   Environmental initiatives Suppliers Ongoing Supplier evaluation   Quality, safety and hygiene of sources Ongoing Established channel of   Demand volatility communications Through the above channels and interactions, we seek to identify material issues relevant to our key stakeholders, thereby promote more effective communications and respond to their concerns.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 19 / SUSTAINABILITY REPORT KEY SUSTAINABILITY FACTORS In FY2023, we conducted a stakeholder engagement session and materiality assessment6 to understand the concerns and expectations of our key stakeholders.
Through this session and assessment, factors with significant impacts to the sustainability of our business were updated.
In this Report, we also reported on our progress in managing these factors and set related targets to improve our performance.
Our key Sustainability Factors are presented in the table below: S/N Sustainability Factor SDG Key Stakeholder Economic 1 Total Customer Satisfaction Decent work and economic growth   Customers   Suppliers 2 Sustainable Business Performance Decent work and economic growth   Employees   Regulators   Shareholders Environmental 3 Water Conservation Clean water and sanitation   Communities   Shareholders 4 Energy Conservation and GHG Affordable and clean energy   Communities Emissions Reduction   Shareholders 5 Responsible Waste Management Responsible consumption and   Communities production   Regulators   Shareholders Social 6 Occupational Health and Safety Good health and well-being   Employees   Regulators 7 Talent Retention and Development Quality education Employees 8 Diversity and Equal Opportunity Reduced inequalities Employees 9 Ongoing Community Engagement Sustainable cities and communities Communities 10 Commitment to Consistent Quality Peace, justice and strong institutions   Customers and Food Safety   Regulators   Suppliers Governance 11 Robust Corporate Governance Peace, justice and strong institutions   Regulators Framework   Shareholders Please refer to the appendix  Supporting the SDGs  section in this Report on our efforts in addressing these goals.
We update the key Sustainability Factors on an annual basis to reflect changes in business operations, environment, stakeholders  feedback and sustainability trends.
The details of each key Sustainability Factor are presented as follows: 6 The Company engaged both internal and external stakeholders of employees and suppliers for the purposes of the materiality assessment.
20 ABR HOLDINGS LIMITED / PLATES OF PROGRESS Total Customer Satisfaction We are committed to retain and build a loyal customer base to achieve long-term sustainability by maximising customers  experiences.
As an established  family-friendly  F&B brand, we constantly strive to build brand loyalty among our diverse customers and grow our business across multi-generational groups.
Wide Brand and Menu Item Offering Over the past four decades, we expanded our menu offerings to provide a wide spectrum of localised cuisines and seasonal menu items that cater to our customers  preference.
We aspire to create memorable dining experiences for all customers.
We prioritise research and development ( R&D ) by launching distinct products and revised menu items in response to dynamic consumer trends regularly.
Such initiatives implemented include:   Swensen s ground-breaking Ultra Burger Series, smashed burgers handcrafted with succulent smashed beef patty and delectable ingredients, tucked inside a soft, toasted brioche;   Swensen s Ramadan Specials including Satay Ayam with Rice, mouth-watering IMPOSSIBLE Satay Pizza and Ramadan Iftar Platter for sharing;   Impressively true-to-life  Nugget  Ice Cream, bite-sized addition to Swensen s Ice Cream that are artfully moulded and coated with crispy cereal bits; and   Our iconic heritage brand  Tip Top  is renowned for delicious traditional curry puffs, inspired by local Asian flavours.
Our puffs are made with a special blend of 18 spices, premium potatoes and ingredients.
Starting out with our signature handmade curry chicken puff, our menu item has since expanded to include Sardine, Nonya Beef Rendang, Chilli Crab as well as flaky puff.
Convenience for our Customers In order to increase accessibility for all customers and raise brand awareness, we adopt a multi-locational strategy by setting up outlets at various strategic locations.
Swensen s has an extensive network of outlets for customers across Singapore, both within city centres and at popular heartland malls.
As at 31 December 2023, we operate a total of 25 Swensen s outlets (FY2022: 25 outlets).
Provide Safe and Quality Products We strictly adhere to market standards and best practices in our operations to ensure quality and safety in our products and services.
For further details on how we maintain product safety and consistency in quality, refer to  Commitment to Consistent Quality and Food Safety  section of this Report.
Delivering Excellent Service We strive to meet and exceed our customer s expectations by not only providing a wide variety of quality food, but also excellent customer service at our restaurant outlets.
During the Reporting Period, our Group was awarded by the Restaurant Association of Singapore with a total of 21 Excellent Service Awards, comprising 4 Star awards, 4 Gold awards and 13 Silver awards in recognition of excellent service delivery.
In recognition for going the extra mile for the customer, Jimson Crisostomo Castro, Senior Restaurant Manager of ABR, won the Outstanding Service Team of the Year, the highest-tier service award by the Changi Airport Group.
Build Loyalty Through Membership Programme To enhance brand loyalty amongst our customers, we connect with our customers through our Swensen s Cool Rewards Membership and Chilli Padi s Spicy Rewards.
To further strengthen our customer engagement channels, we launched our Telegram customer relationship management chatbot in May 2023.
In recognition of our efforts in brand building, Swensen s was recognised in the Platinum Category for the Reader s Digest Trusted Brands 2023, Company of Good s Champion of Good 2023 and the Singapore Retailers Association s Excellent Service Award 2023.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 21 / SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Sustainable Business Performance We are committed to provide value to various stakeholders through relevant and meaningful ways to enable a more sustainable future.
Details of our financial performance can be found in the financial contents and audited financial statements of this Annual Report.
Water Conservation We recognise the importance of managing our water consumption efficiently and avoid the depletion of valuable water resources.
Accordingly, we are committed to the responsible usage of water resources through enhancing our water consumption efficiency.
We rely on water resources to run our operations primarily in the following areas:   Preparation of our products such as soup base;   Dishwashing; and   Kitchen cleaning.
Besides our internal efforts on water conservation, Swensen partnered with Public Utilities Board ( PUB ) on their annual Singapore World Water Day campaign every March since 2019, to rally the nation in order to show our gratitude for the water resources and promote efficient usage of water.
PUB s water conservation message is promoted through in-store materials and social media platform.
Key statistics on water consumption during the Reporting Period are as follows: Resource Unit of Measurement FY2023 FY2022 Water consumption Cu M 138,155 120,587 Water consumption intensity Cu M/revenue S$ 000 1.18 1.19 For the Reporting Period, while our total water consumption increased as a result of increase in business activities, our water consumption intensity reduced slightly as we intensified our water conservation efforts.
We shall continue our water conservation efforts by tracking water consumption, observe fluctuation patters and take corrective actions if required.
Energy Conservation and GHG Emissions Reduction We acknowledge that our energy consumption and the resultant GHG emissions contribute to climate change.
Accordingly, we are committed to reduce our carbon footprint whilst open to capitalise on opportunities that may arise as we transit to become a low-carbon organisation.
We aim to reduce our environmental footprints and at the same time, establish operational resilience to deliver long-term and sustainable value to our stakeholders of communities, shareholders, employees, customers and suppliers.
We adopt a balanced approach in managing and minimising the impacts arising from our business operations effectively.
22 ABR HOLDINGS LIMITED / PLATES OF PROGRESS Decarbonisation Approach To achieve our decarbonisation goals, we set up a seven-step continuous circular process for our decarbonisation efforts as follows: 1 2 3 Identify Opportunities Establish Baseline Develop Roadmap and Set Targets Define boundary, Identify opportunities Evaluate opportunities to decarbonise and based on cost-benefit emission profiling set targets for GHG considerations and and set baseline emissions develop roadmap 7 6 5 4 Refinement and Assurance Execution Sustainability Report Improvements Incorporate Re-establish and Conduct assurance Execute decarbonisation strategy improve on reporting process decarbonisation and performance in and/or performance strategy sustainability report This year, we conducted a GHG emission profiling exercise for our Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions based on defined organisational boundaries.
We track and monitor our Scope 1, 2 and certain categories of Scope 3 GHG emissions closely and are developing mechanism to track our other categories of our scope 3 GHG emissions, where relevant and practicable.
We also developed a climate change transition plan and will refine and improve our climate change transition plan as we progressively implement the plan, by considering changes in business operations, environment and market trends.
Progress updates and performance will be provided in our sustainability reports with assurance on the reporting process covered by an internal review.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 23 / SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Climate Change Transition Plan Our climate change transition plan steers us on our decarbonisation journey.
Under this strategy, we commit to reduce our absolute Scope 2 GHG emissions by 23% and by FY2035, with FY2022 with our base year.
As we are still analysing our Scope 1 GHG emissions trend, decarbonisation target setting for Scope 1 GHG emissions is deferred till a time when we better understand the trend and how we can better control such GHG emissions.
Our climate change transition plan is focused on two strategic levers of reduce and neutralise as follows: Climate Change Transition Plan CO2 Absolute Scope 2 GHG emissions with REDUCE NEUTRALISE FY2022 as our baseline Reduce absolute Scope 2 GHG emissions by 23% by FY2035 Details of our strategic levers are as follows: Lever Reduce Neutralise Description   Reduce absolute GHG emissions first within our Neutralise unavoidable residual GHG operations and followed by our supply chain emissions   Replace existing energy source with low or zero- carbon sources Focus Area   Energy efficiency   Renewable energy certificates   Machinery and Equipment ( REC )   Lighting   Carbon credits   Cooling   Electric vehicle   Clean energy 24 ABR HOLDINGS LIMITED / PLATES OF PROGRESS We track and review spending on energy consumption regularly to control usage and take corrective actions when unusual consumption patterns are observed.
We continuously strive to improve our energy use and efficiency through the following initiatives and aspirations: Lever Key Initiative Description Reduce Reduction in energy consumption Our initiatives on this front include: through efficient machinery and   Regular maintenance of machinery and equipment to optimise equipment energy efficiency;   Regular cleaning of filters for air-conditioning systems to reduce air flow resistance; and   Adopt greener work practices such as switching off appliances when not in use and enabling power saving modes.
Reduction in energy consumption We use motion sensors in our lighting systems.
through energy efficient lighting Reduction through replacement Our motor vehicles are currently powered by diesel fuel which emits of existing vehicles with electric more carbon dioxide than electric vehicles for each unit of distance vehicles travelled.
We are considering switching to electric-powered motor vehicles which are cleaner than diesel-powered ones when the need arises.
Reduction through switching to We constantly explore opportunities to use clean and/or renewable renewable energy source energy available in the locations that we operate in.
Neutralise   REC The Group plans to explore the use of REC and carbon credits to offset unavoidable residual GHG emissions when the relevant markets   Carbon credits mature.
Energy conservation and GHG emissions management is of paramount concern to the Group.
As part of our efforts to mitigate climate change, we are committed to responsible usage of energy and GHG emissions reduction through enhancing our energy efficiency and carbon reduction initiatives.
To run our operations, we rely mainly on the following energy sources:   Diesel fuel for delivery vehicles;   City gas for cooking purposes; and   Electricity for running equipment for refrigeration, lighting, cooling and ventilation.
Key statistics on electricity consumption and GHG emissions during the Reporting Period are as follows: Performance Indicator Unit of Measurement FY2023 FY2022 Energy consumption Diesel consumption litre 234,491 121,602 Diesel consumption intensity litre/revenue $ 000 2.01 1.20 City gas consumption kWh 5,546,706 4,798,909 City gas consumption intensity kWh/revenue $ 000 47.47 47.17 Electricity consumption kWh 11,787,842 11,170,016 Electricity consumption intensity kWh/revenue $ 000 101 110 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 25 / SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Performance Indicator Unit of Measurement FY2023 FY2022 GHG emissions Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1)7 tonnes COe 1,533 1,1021 2 Indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2)8 tonnes COe 5,249 4,904 2 Total GHG emissions (Scope 1 and 2) tonnes COe 6,782 6,0061 2 GHG emissions intensity tonnes COe/revenue $ 000 0.058 0.0591 2 For the Reporting Period, our total GHG emissions increased as a result of an increase in business activities.
However, our GHG emissions intensity reduced slightly as we intensified our energy conservation efforts.
We shall continue to focus on our energy conservation efforts by tracking our energy consumption and relevant GHG emissions, observe fluctuation patterns and take corrective actions.
During the Reporting Period, we started tracking our Scope 3 GHG emissions9 arising from employee commuting (category 7): Category Coverage Unit of Measurement FY202310 Category 7: Employee Transportation of employees between their tonnes COe 771 2 commuting homes and their worksites Responsible Waste Management Waste generated from our restaurant and manufacturing operations includes food waste and waste oil.
We recognise that improper treatment and disposal of waste oil pose harm to human health and the environment.
Waste oil generated from operations is disposed via a licensed used oil collector so that it can be properly treated before being recycled through an accredited oil collector.
During the Reporting Period, total waste oil generated amounted to 204,221kg (FY2022: 177,739kg) and 33% of the oil waste is recycled (FY2022: 33%).
The increase in oil waste generated correlates with the increase in business activities.
As part of Food Panda s Green Label initiative, Swensen s is proud to be one of the pioneer merchants certified as a Green Label Merchant since 2022.
Under this certification, all our Swensen s restaurants are verified by a third party based on pre-set of criteria including conscious food, sustainable packaging, waste reduction, food waste, social welfare, carbon reduction, power supply, awareness and education.
As part of our efforts to minimise waste generated, Swensen s embarked on eco-conscious practices in our restaurants, whereby straws are provided upon request.
Occupational Health and Safety We strive to ensure that the health and safety of our employees are taken care of and we are committed to safeguard our employees  health and safety against any potential workplace hazards as it is a basic need of our workers to work in a safe environment.
A safe environment also increases productivity so that we can give our best to our customers.
A safety committee, safety handbook and safety trainings are in place to ensure a hazard-free workplace.
The Ministry of Manpower ( MOM ) and Central Provident Fund ("CPF") Board conduct regular inspections to help business entities comply with the Employment Act and CPF Act.
During the Reporting Period, MOM conducted a Workright Inspection for ABR and found zero non-compliance with employment laws (FY2022: none).
In FY2023, we encountered zero workplace fatalities, zero high-consequence work-related injuries2, 24 recordable work-related injuries and zero recordable work-related ill-health cases3 (FY2022: no workplace fatalities, no high-consequence work-related injuries, 30 recordable work-related injuries and 1 recordable work-related ill health case).
The recordable work-related injuries are mainly due to minor cuts during kitchen operation.
We strengthened the relevant policies and procedures to reinforce workplace safety measures and to further minimise the occurrence of safety incidents.
7 GHG emissions from consumption of diesel and city gas controlled by the company (Scope 1) are calculated based on the 2006 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories.
8 GHG emissions from electricity purchased by the company (Scope 2) are calculated using the location-based methods based on the GHG emissions factors published by the relevant local authorities.
9 Scope 3 GHG emissions are calculated using Carbon and Emissions Recording Tool calculation tool.
10 Comparative data is not available as it was not tracked previously.
26 ABR HOLDINGS LIMITED / PLATES OF PROGRESS Talent Retention and Development We recognise our role in providing equitable, quality education for our employees.
Our employees are the drivers of our business and we believe in creating a respectful, rewarding and safe working environment for our people.
We respect the protection of internationally proclaimed human rights of our employees, support the elimination of all forms of forced labour, especially child labour.
We do not tolerate any discrimination in respect of employment and occupation.
In addition, we care for our employees  well-being through employee benefits and activities to promote healthy living and work-life balance.
The employee benefits include medical insurance coverage, reimbursements for medical consultation in polyclinics and government hospitals as well as dental benefits for all confirmed employees.
We promote staff wellness and healthy lifestyle through organising recreational activities such as handicraft activities, bowling and bouldering sessions on a regular basis.
We also provide pro-family benefits to eligible confirmed employees which include maternity leave, childcare leave and paternity leave.
To attract and retain talent, we implemented flexible work arrangements for both corporate and operations employees.
Such arrangements include telecommuting, flexi-hours, flexi-shift, staggered time, interim work and part-time work.
Our employees play a crucial role in the growth of our Group and we believe in continual investment in our employees and maintaining a strong and cohesive workforce.
To this end, we invested our efforts in hiring, retaining and nurturing of our people.
Key statistics on new employees hires and employee turnover are as follows: New Hires11 Disclosure FY2023 FY2022 Overall 653 36% 928 69% Gender Male 402 40% 473 69% Female 251 31% 455 69% Age Below 30 378 49% 547 101% 30 to 50 207 30% 261 52% Above 50 68 19% 120 41% Turnover12 Disclosure FY2023 FY2022 Overall 589 32% 654 49% Gender Male 296 29% 320 47% Female 293 37% 334 51% Age Below 30 368 48% 372 69% 30 to 50 146 22% 175 35% Above 50 75 21% 107 36% 11 New hires is computed based on the number of new hires over total employees.
12 Turnover is computed based on the number of turnovers over total employees.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023 27
