601231 SSE: 2023 Sustainability Report 601231 SSE: 2023 Sustainability Cover Story Years Sustainable 15 Envisaging the Future Report In the intersection of point, line, and plane, USI connects with partners in the value chain.
Innovate technologies with collaboration, build a sustainable ecosystem, and create more efficient and sustainable solutions.
Envisaging a Collaborative future for the next 15 years.
Sustainability Value Chain Management 11 Management 61 Social Involvement 126 Realizing the Sustainable Product Value Chain 63 Social Activities Overview 128 12 Development Goals Customer Relations 64 Investing in Education 129 Table of Contents Sustainability Committee 13 Supply Chain Management 66 Contributing to Society 132 Sustainability Policy 15 Conserving the Environment 134 About this Report 4 Sustainability Strategy 15 Promoting Arts and Culture 136 Sustainable Impact Assessment 16 About USI 5 External Participation 137 Materiality Analysis 19 Letter from the Stakeholder Engagement 29 7 Environmental Chairman and President Operations and Protection and Governance 32 Occupational Safety 77 Appendix 138 Sustainable 9 Performance Highlights Board Governance 34 Nature, Climate Change and Contributions to the SDGs 138 80 Carbon Management Business Ethics and Compliance 36 ESG Key Performance Data 140 Water Resources Management 85 Financial Performance and Sustainability Data 147 37 Tax Governance Waste Management 87 GRI Index 162 Enterprise Risk Management 38 Air Pollution Control 88 SASB Index 171 Cybersecurity Management 43 Green Manufacturing and 89 Management Systems and Expenditures 172 Certifications Table Occupational Health and Safety 90 Third-Party Assurance 173 Green Products Statement and Innovation 44 Inclusive Workplace 100 Manufacturing Sites 175 Sales Offices 176 Green Products 46 Human Rights Protection 102 Innovation Management 56 Talent Attraction and 107 Retention Sustainable Production 57 Human Capital Development 121 About this Report Since 2013, Universal Scientific Industrial (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (USI, Company, We) has published annual Sustainability Reports in Traditional/Simplified Chinese and English and is accessible on the USI Sustainability Web.
This report is the 12th Sustainability Report published by USI and its subsidiaries (from 2010 to 2012, USI's indirect controlling shareholder Universal Scientific Industrial Co., Ltd. published 3 Sustainability Reports) released in July 2024.
Stakeholders could learn about USI's sustainability practices and our environmental, social, and governance (ESG) target performances through this report.
This report has been prepared with reference to the GRI Standards 2021 and the SASB Electronic Manufacturing Services & Original Design We follow the USI ESG Best Practice Principles to disclose sustainability Manufacturing Standards.
We also use the SSE Listed Companies Self- information.
The Sustainability Report data was provided by the Regulatory Guidelines No.
1-Regulations (Chapter 8 Social Responsibility) Sustainability Committee members and reviewed by department managers.
framework and provide ESG data consistent with the 2023 Annual Report.
The Executive Secretariat compiled this report and submitted it to the Please refer to the Materiality Analysis section for material issues and Board for review and approval.
report boundaries.
The data in this report covers the period from 01/01/2023 to 12/31/2023, We annually conduct a third-party verification for this report to improve and monetary data are expressed in CNY throughout the report.
information transparency and accountability.
SGS Taiwan Ltd. provided Environmental, health and safety data are described using accepted third-party assurance following AA1000AS v3 (2020) Type 2 High Level international standard units and indicators.
The report scope (1) includes for this report, including eight specified sustainability performances.
We Zhangjiang Facility, Jinqiao Facility, Huizhou Facility, Kunshan Facility, also verified SASB Electronic Manufacturing Services & Original Design Nantou Facility (Nantou-TT, Nantou-NK 1 & NK 2), Mexico Facility, and Manufacturing disclosure topics.
For details, please refer to the Third-Party Vietnam Facility which covers around 90% of our annual revenue.
If data Assurance Statement.
numbers have a data scope different from the defined scope above, there USI manufacturing facilities have acquired and continuously updated will be a note indicating the particular scope for that data.
various environmental, social, and governance management system ASE Technology Holding Co., Ltd. is the parent company of USI and is certifications.
For more information, please refer to the Management referred to as our "parent company" or "ASEH" in this report.
Systems and Certifications Table.
Address: No.
1558 Zhang Dong Rd.
,   Email: csr@usiglobal.com   Address: No.
141, Lane 351, Sec.
1, Taiping Road, If you have any suggestions, Pudong New Area, Shanghai 201203 Tsaotuen, Nantou County 542007 please contact us at:   Tel: +86-21-5896-6996   Website: https://www.
usiglobal.com   Tel: +886-49-235-0876 Note: 1.
Please refer to the Sustainability Data - Governance B. Scope Comparison Table of the 2023 Annual Report and Sustainability Report.
rof selpicnirP tropeR tropeR dna epocS noitalipmoC seiradnuoB lanretnI lanretxE dna weiveR ecnarussA lavorppA draoB Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement 4 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement About USI USI is a member of ASEH (TWSE: 3711, NYSE: ASX) and an industry Headquarters 2023 Revenue (CNY) Registered Capital (CNY) leader in System-in-Package (SiP) technology.
We provide D(MS)2 Pudong New Area, 60.8 billion 2,201,284,633 product services: Design, Manufacturing, Miniaturization, industrial Shanghai software and hardware Solutions, material procurement, logistics and maintenance Services for brand owners.
The Company Area of Manufacturing Facilities (1) Chairman and CEO SSE Stock Number/Name completed acquisition of Hirschmann Car Communication in 2 538,332 m Jeffrey Chen 601231/USI Shanghai October 2023.
This acquisition solidifies USI's standing as a global leader in electronic solutions and marks a significant milestone in USI's strategic growth and expansion initiative.
Global Total of Employees (2) President and COO Date of Stock Issue (as of 12/31/2023) C.Y. Wei February 20, 2012 23,009 Main Products and Services Wireless communication products, cloud and storage products, consumer electronics, industrial products, medical and automotive products Note: 1.
The area of manufacturing facilities only includes facilities in the scope of this report, please refer to Global Locations for more details.
2.
The global total of employees includes the total number of USI, Asteelflash (AFG) and Hirschmann Car Communication (HCC) employees.
55 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Global Operations Supply chain with a global mindset coupled with volume purchasing capabilities Germany United Kingdom Poland France Czech Republic Hungary Tunisia Mainland China USA Taiwan Mexico Vietnam Operations span across Asia, Europe, America, and Africa, providing a complete range of services 30 manufacturing locations, with more than 220 SMT lines Manufacturing Locations (USI+AFG+HCC) 6 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Letter from the Chairman and President Since 2009, USI has integrated sustainable development into Regarding corporate governance, USI highly values innovation, business operations and decision-making, driving us to achieve research, and development, as shown by our six R&D centers substantial outcomes.
Despite challenges in 2023 due to the global worldwide, which employ more than 2,800 R&D personnel.
The economic recession and the slowing consumer market slightly Company is committed to cultivating R&D eco-design competency, affecting our performance, the management team showed strong endorsing low-carbon product design, improving energy efficiency, resilience.
We continued establishing a global presence, expanding and promoting smart manufacturing.
At the end of 2023, we our market through steady risk management strategies, and being upgraded the Zhangjiang Facility Lights-Out Factory, utilizing unwavering in our goal of sustainable business operations.
strategic integration of cutting-edge technologies to increase supply chain efficiency and offer customers the most advanced After years of consistent effort, USI has gained recognition from smart manufacturing services.
These services include Industry 4.0 various institutes for our ESG performance.
In addition to being AI, situation room, Automated Guided Vehicle, Automatic Material included in the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook for three Handling System, smart warehousing, automated dispatch, and consecutive years, we received the highest environmental and remote data collection and control.
As USI scales up, we established social dimension scores in the Electronic Equipment, Instruments, the Digital Transformation Center to optimize our competitiveness and Components (EEIC) industry and performed in the Top 1% with an innovative approach, ultimately achieving a sustainable value of companies worldwide in 2023.
Several other institutions also chain.
recognize USI's ESG performance, such as obtaining a Bronze Sustainability Rating from EcoVadis and a Negligible Risk rating On the environmental front, USI has been actively implementing from Sustainalytics.
USI has also been included in the SSE Corporate environmental protection policies and conducting low-carbon Governance Index for eleven consecutive years and received an emissions reduction measures to mitigate our environmental impact.
A-level SSE Information Disclosure rating for six consecutive years.
After COP28 in December 2023, world leaders reached an agreement These achievements demonstrate our significant progress and to reduce emissions substantially, reducing 43% of greenhouse gas stem from the collective efforts of all employees to implement (GHG) emissions by 2030 from 2019 levels and limiting the increase our four sustainable development strategies: Low Carbon, Circular, in global average temperature to 1.5 C. USI supports the Paris   Collaborative, and Inclusive.
In 2023, we created a social contribution Agreement goals and thus passed the Environment, Health, Safety value (1) of CNY 3.53 per share.
(EHS) & Energy Policy through the Board.
In addition to meeting Chairman Jeffrey Chen 7 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement the Science Based Targets (SBT) pledged by ASEH, we have also Rights Policy reflects these principles, aiming to protect the human introduced the Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures rights of all stakeholders and build a diverse and inclusive workplace.
(TCFD) and Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) frameworks into our Talent is the key to company growth.
Thus, in 2023, we invested environmental management system and set long-term goals of using CNY 10.41 million in employee training, providing diverse capacity- 100% renewable energy in operations by 2035 and Net-Zero Carbon building courses.
Many of our philanthropic outreach efforts involve Emissions by 2040.
investing in education, including rural student educational programs.
In light of the significant impact extreme weather from climate In 2023, we invested CNY 9.25 million in social activities, of which change has on biodiversity, USI made a Biodiversity and No 56% supported disadvantaged students, narrowed the urban-rural Deforestation Commitment, introduced biodiversity risk assessment resources gap, promoted industrial-academic partnerships and processes, and mitigated impact through long-term participation internships, and increased youth employability.
in the Million Tree Project to achieve a balanced coexistence, forest In a rapidly changing world, unexpected events have increased conservation, and our ultimate long-term goal of 2050 Net Positive uncertainty and unpredictability in people's lives.
USI has long Impact (NPI).
The Million Tree Project reduces desertification and integrated sustainability principles into the Company's strategy, and soil erosion while gradually restoring biodiversity.
We are pleased we expect all employees to embody these principles in their daily to report that by the end of 2023, we had planted 151,482 trees, operations, thus stimulating an even more sustainable impact.
As USI covering an area of 97.91 hectares, and observed 47 species in Inner expands its global operations, we must demonstrate our capability Mongolia and 14 species in Ningxia in the annual ecological survey.
to address all sustainable issues.
USI aims to enhance ESG resilience These results indicate that sand stabilization achieved significant over the next 15 years to create a sustainable and balanced results, and the ecosystem is reaching a balance and showing signs environment and society for future generations.
of preliminary recovery.
USI actively fulfills social responsibilities for stakeholders such as employees, suppliers, and customers.
As a global leader in electronic design and manufacturing with 30 manufacturing sites worldwide, Note: 1.
Social contribution value per share = (earnings per share + tax payments + we support and respect the Universal Declaration of Human Rights employee salaries + interest expenses + total social input) total number   (UDHR) and the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC).
Our Human of shares issued in the year President C.Y. Wei 8 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Sustainable Performance Highlights Industry Top 1% Global Supply Chain Sustainability Prime Status Performed in the Top 1% in the EEIC industry, Assessment Recognition and was included in the S&P Global Sustainability Rated "Prime" Status in ISS ESG Corporate Rating Received 2023 EcoVadis Bronze Sustainability Rating Yearbook for three consecutive years (2022-2024) Certified RBA Factory of Choice 6 Years in a Row Customer Recognition 4 Facilities received the RBA Factory of Choice Maintained Information Disclosure A-Level Rating Awarded 2023 Lenovo Supplier Elite Quality Award One Star Award on the SSE (2018-2023) 9 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Sustainalytics Negligible Risk ESG risk rating SynTao Green Finance 2023 ESG Rating of A- ESG Wind ESG 2023 China Listed Companies China Association for Public Companies - Excellence in ESG ESG Best Practice Top 100 Practice for Listed Companies 2023 Governance Social Environment Zhangjiang Facility Zhangjiang Facility Zhangjiang Facility 2023 Shanghai Top 100 Emerging Industry Enterprises 6th Social Responsibility Conference - 2023 Sustainable Pudong Energy-Saving Low-Carbon Exemplar Enterprise 2023 Shanghai Top 100 Enterprises Development Contributions Honor Awards Shanghai Roots & Shoots - 2023 Million Tree Project 2022 Panorama Investor Relationships Awards - 13th China Charity Festival - 2023 Responsible Brand Sponsorship Award Outstanding IR Enterprise, Outstanding IR Team, Best Award Communications Award, Best Board Secretary 2023 Pudong Advanced Fire Safety Collective Kunshan Facility 2022 Top 10 in Integrated Circuit Packaging Sales 2022 Top 100 Employment Creators of Shanghai Top Suzhou "Near Net-Zero" Factory 2022 Top 100 Imports and Exports of Shanghai Foreign Foreign Invested Enterprises Invested Enterprises Nantou Facility Huizhou Facility Huizhou Facility Green Factory Certification Standardized Safe Production Enterprise- Level 3 2021-2023 Shenzhen Nanshan District Green Channel Enterprise Kunshan Facility Kunshan Cross-District Human Resources Advanced Kunshan Facility Cooperative Unit 2022 Qiandeng Outstanding Economic Contribution Enterprise Nantou Facility Kunshan Deepening Cross-Strait Industrial Cooperation 2023 Nantou County Top Cancer Screening Workplace Outstanding Contribution Award 2023-2025 Accredited Healthy Workplace-Health Promotion Badge Nantou Facility 2022-2025 Accredited Nantou County Breastfeeding 2023 International Microsystems, Packaging, Assembly Room-Most Accommodating Room and Circuits Technology Conference - IMPACT 2022 Best 16th Arts and Business Awards - Silver Award Poster Award Vietnam Facility Vietnam Facility 2022 Outstanding Contributions to Occupational Safety Haiphong Industrial Park Outstanding Contributions Award and Health Award 10 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy MMaannaaggeemmeenntt USI integrates the core values of four sustainability strategies, Low Carbon, Circular, Inclusive, and Collaborative, into corporate policy and operational management.
Sustainable development and balance between the environment, society, and governance benefit shareholders and investors and engender social value that fosters the common good for all.
Providing a diversified, inclusive, and challenging working We commit to environment for employees Deploying safe and adaptable solutions across our global operations Generating exceptional rewards for stakeholders Contributing towards building a better place to live 11 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Realizing the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) According to the identified material issues and annual sustainable goals, USI focused on 6 SDGs to be key indicators of sustainable development in 2023.
Talent is a crucial factor in driving enterprise USI incorporates waste reduction and reuse into growth.
USI invests in education to encourage corporate policy.
To uphold policy principles of USI effectively controls risks by identifying, students to pursue further education and "Impact Mitigation & Continuous Improvement" assessing, and responding to them.
has several industrial-academic partnerships and "Effective Reduction & Circular Reuse" We implement information security management and internship opportunities to enhance in facilities worldwide, they have been set as by following the Information Security Policy to youth employability and develop the next annual key performance indicators to strengthen ensure core systems' confidentiality, integrity, generation of technology talents and future the effective control of waste.
availability, and compliance, achieving our human capital.
cybersecurity objectives.
Facing global economic fluctuations, USI Following our Low-Carbon strategy, USI mitigates As a global corporate citizen, USI advocates creates business growth through steady its environmental impact and adapts low-carbon industrial key issues to business partners operation strategies to support production measures in response to climate change.
through the organizations we joined, increases and employment opportunities.
The Company We use the TCFD framework to manage our carbon the influence of sustainable goals through provides employees with a safe working emissions throughout our products lifecycles, from daily operations, and strengthens global environment, protects their rights, and plans design and supply chain to manufacturing, and partnerships to achieve our sustainability training to enhance their professional capability map our path to 2040 Net Zero Carbon Emissions.
vision.
and achieve organizational targets.
12 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Sustainability Committee To enhance the Company's core competitiveness, improve the decision-making efficiency of Committee coordinators hold quarterly meetings; leaders and taskforce members will decide sustainable development, and improve corporate governance structure, USI expanded the and track the sustainable targets in the meetings.
Sustainable achievements are presented to functions of the Strategy Committee in 2024 and established the Strategy and Sustainability the Committee Chair and members in the Sustainability Committee Annual Meeting, which Committee, the highest-level management organization of corporate sustainable development.
was held on December 14, 2023.
Sustainability consultants were invited to share and suggest Under the Strategy and Sustainability Committee, the Sustainability Committee covers all directions for USI's sustainable development.
manufacturing facilities.
The Committee's mission comprises five Taskforces: Corporate Please refer to the respective chapter's Sustainable Issue Performance and Targets section to Governance, Green Product & Innovation, Value Chain Management, Employee & Society Well-being Engagement (1), and Environmental Protection & Occupational Safety.
Committee understand 2023 sustainability performances.
members are representatives chosen from each department, the President is the Chair, and senior managers are Leaders and Coordinators.
Board of Directors Strategy and Sustainability Committee Sustainability Committee Executive Secretariat S&HS Division Corporate Green Products & Value Chain Employee & Society Environmental Protection & Governance Innovation Management Well-being Engagement Occupational Safety Note: 1.
The Employee Care & Social Involvement Taskforce was renamed as the Employee & Society Well-being Engagement Taskforce in 2023.
13 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Sustainable Promotion In 2023, USI held various sustainable activities to enhance employees' sustainability capabilities: Invited a sustainability consultant to introduce latest Sustainability Trends in top Capacity management training course.
Training Developed ESG e-learning materials to impart sustainability concepts for worldwide indirect employees.
Held seminars to share global sustainability trends including introducing IFRS (1) disclosure requirements and TNFD (2).
Seminar Held 3 Green Seminars to share how other industries incorporate sustainability in their businesses and inspire USI employees to implement eco-friendly actions in daily life, contributing to sustainability.
Shared sustainability information and activities on the Company's SharePoint: "ESG-ing".
Knowledge Broadcast Corporate Governance Principles and the Paris Agreement on TV monitors at Sharing worldwide facilities.
Published sustainability topics in the USI Newsletter ESG 360 column.
Prized Held Sustainability Prized Quiz to enhance employees' understanding about the Company's sustainability development.
Quiz Note: 1.
IFRS, International Financial Reporting Standards 2.
TNFD, Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures 14 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Sustainability Policy Sustainability Strategy Through the understanding of ESG dimensions in To reach the SDGs and pursue corporate sustainability, USI follows four sustainability strategies, Low Carbon, Circular, sustainability, USI considers that sustainable business Collaborative, and Inclusive, to prioritize response SDGs based on the Company's core values.
This enables the Company to development is intricately linked with the interests of take comprehensive actions concerning corporate sustainability.
In 2023, we generated strategic approaches and 2028 targets employees, customers, investors, suppliers, and other according to key sustainable issues, focused on the corresponding SDGs, tracked the target achievements, published sustainable stakeholders.
The scope of ESG covers the issues of issues and performances in the Sustainability Committee Annual Meeting.
For strategic approaches and targets of key sustainable labor rights, workplace safety and health, environmental issues, please refer to the respective chapter and section for more information.
protection, and business ethics.
To accomplish our ESG goals effectively and meet stakeholders' expectations, USI set the following policies to pursue sustainability.
The complete CSR/Sustainability policy can be accessed at the USI Sustainability Web.
Respond to climate action; Reduce greenhouse gas emissions Invest in green innovation; Decarbonized Products and Services Circular Design Environmental Improve energy efficiency Low-carbon Manufacturing Promote circular economy; Adaptation and Resilience Energy Resources Recycling Prevent and control pollutants Low Carbon Circular Waste as a Valuable Resource Green and Renewable Energy Circular Economy in Value Chains Investment Ensure workforce diversity; Endorse human rights Stimulate social welfare; Support community investment Smart Procurement Social Environmental Conservation Advocate supplier development; Strategic Partnership Industry-academia Collaborations Inclusive Collaborative Achieve global partnership Supply Chain Management Go Community Engagement High Tech Public Advocacy Upgrade corporate governance; Environmental Education Uphold business ethics Create company value; Connect with stakeholders Governance Drive transparency culture; Disclose sustainable indicators Commitments/Value 15 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Sustainable Impact Assessment (1) To implement sustainability strategies and monitor our progress toward goals, USI introduced Sustainability Value and Impacts SROI (Social Return on Investment) and EP&L (Environmental Profit and Loss) in 2019 and 2020 separately to manage social projects' performances and make effective decisions on Through the TIMM evaluation, USI generated CNY 27,125 million worth of sustainability value environmental issues.
In 2021, USI implemented TIMM (Total Impact Measurement and for stakeholders in 2023.
Compared with 2022, positive contributions decreased by 18%.
Management) evaluation to inventory the impacts and contributions to stakeholders from the Company's operations in Economic, Social, Environmental, and Tax dimensions.
In 2023, USI created positive contributions on economic and tax dimensions and invested in environmental and social activities to bring contributions to stakeholders.
Employee Employee Suppl 2ie 1r , 2pa 5r 2t .
n 2ership e dn eg va eg le om pmen et n & t Social Suppli 1e 6r ,p 2a 2r 7t .
n 1ership e dn eg va eg le om pmen et n & t Social 527.3 cohesion Employee 487.0 cohesion Employee 19.5 health & safety 34.8 health & safety 121.7 136.8 In 1ve ,2s 8tm 6.
e 3nt S ocial Impact GHG emissions In 1ve ,4s 6tm 7.
e 3nt S ocial Impact GHG emissions -48.7 -52.8 4P ,a 3y 0r 5o .
l 5l Profits imc I om n op ca Ect S u pCo pm lm iu eni rt sy S NuC s 3 Gu ts Oat 3o i sm n2 , a0e S2br 2 hs l2 4 e a E rV 8m eap hllo u oly ee de es r s tG no ev e mrn t Ec na vp im roI nla mt en RA eir cc yp Wo- c-o n 51 a 2 lWl es ..
- sl .
44 u 61 u ta wem 8t t ai e .
o p 7 trn et i ron 4P ,a 1y 5r 9o .
l 2l 1P ,r 9o 4fi 9t .
s 7 imc I om n op ca Ect S u pCo pm lm iu eni rt sy S u NC s 2 Gu ts Oat 7o i s2m n ,0 a e 1 Sb2r hs l3 2 e a E rV 5m eap hllo u oly ee de es r s tG no ev e mrn t Ec na vp im roI nla mt en A Ri eWr c-p c a 2 y- oo s .
c2 9 4n tl l.l eeW .
6 su - 7 u 1 wt a mi 9to ae .
tn p 4r et rion 3,060.0 Tax Impac t Biod 3iv .
3ersity Intan 1g ,i 8b 9le 6 .
a 5ssets Tax Impac t Biod 3iv .
9ersity Intangible assets Regulatory 2,119.7 Compliance -1.5 Profit taxes 285.5 Other taxes Profit taxes Other taxes 333.3 524.1 313.1 Unit: CNY million Note: 1.
2022 sustainable value was recalibrated to reflect the change in GHG emissions and Biodiversity calculation methodologies.
Also, Regulatory Compliance was added as a driver of negative impact on the economic dimension in 2023.
16 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Environmental Profit and Loss The Company's profit was impacted by the worldwide business cycle fluctuation.
To further create useful products and services by natural USI's Economic and Tax positive value decreased by 9% compared to 2022.
Looking ahead capital and reduce the direct or indirect impact on the to 2024, USI will continuously invest in innovative technologies to expand product portfolios environment, we focus on major environmental issues Economic and provide a complete supply chain technology to improve core competitiveness and create related to operations, including GHG emissions, air and Tax substantial benefits for shareholders, suppliers, employees, and the government.
pollution emissions, waste generation, water resources use, Dimensions and biodiversity.
We map out the impact event chain of environmental pollution emissions and resource consumption and calculate the environmental cost of human health damage, environmental resource reduction and ecosystem impact caused by these behaviors.
Though the overall environmental performance improved in 2023, the negative value still increased 10% due to adjusting for inflation and exchange rates.
The major impacts were The environmental impact of USI production operations in GHG emissions and water consumption.
USI launches GHG reduction policy to inventory GHG 2023, after value conversion, was CNY 69.1 million.
emissions and product carbon footprint, purchase certified renewable energy to offset carbon To compare with 2022, our external environmental costs dioxide emissions generated by traditional electricity used.
The renewable energy rate was increased CNY 6.4 million.
The major reasons of GHG 82% in 2023.
To use every drop of water, USI has been planning to recycle as much water as emissions (the impact of GHG emissions is the result of Environmental possible by improving equipment and technology.
Through process water recycling system, offsetting the positive benefits of carbon capture from Dimension biodiversity) Scope 1 and 2 accounting for 71%; followed the recycled water rate was 23% in 2023.
USI will continue to promote green promises and by water consumption accounting for 21%.
In addition to environmental protection measures for a friendly environment.
the continuous efforts in energy efficiency improvement and reduction in energy costs, USI's environmentally friendly measures, such as biodiversity and recycled water, respectively generated a positive value of CNY 3.9 million and CNY 4.7 million in 2023, signifying that USI's efforts in The primary performances were good relationships with suppliers and human capital environmental protection were able to mitigate negative cultivation.
Compared with 2022, USI decreased 23% of social value due to the local impacts.
purchasing amount affected by global economic conditions.
Human capital development was reflected through the employee engagement survey that mapped employees' working performances and values.
USI held employee engagement survey in 2023, and the sustainable value was impacted by the regressive average score slightly, we will take actions to response Social employees' expectations.
In addition, the Company also actively engages in community Dimension construction and sustainable development and contributes to society through various charitable activities.
17 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Impact Driver 2023 Activity/Output Outcome/Impact Continue to promote GHG reduction policies to reduce energy consumption.
The impact value is CNY -52.8 million.
I nventoried 207,835.48 metric tonnes of COe (Scope 1 & 2) GHG emissions, a decrease of 5.9% from GHG Emissions 2 Please refer to the Carbon Management and Energy 2022.
Management sections for further details.
1 00% renewable energy use in Mainland China, Mexico, and Vietnam facilities.
Commit to water conservation and recycling through equipment and technology improvements.
The impact value is CNY -14.7 million.
Water Total water consumption was 1,028.62 ML, a decrease of 3.7% from 2022.
Please refer to the Water Resource Management section Resource Overall water recycling rate of 23%.
for further details.
Regularly monitor and manage regulated pollutants such as volatile organic compounds (VOCs), nitrogen The impact value is CNY -2.6 million.
Air Pollution oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx) and fine suspended particulates.
Please refer to the Air Pollution Control section for further Measured 51.49 metric tonnes of VOCs emissions, a decrease of 14.3% from 2022.
details.
Strictly monitor and track waste usage and outputs through regular data recording.
The impact value is CNY -2.9 million.
Waste Overall waste recycling rate was 87.3%, an increase of 1.3% from 2022.
Please refer to the Waste Management section for Recycled 91.5% of non-hazardous waste, a decrease of 1.0% from 2022.
further details.
Through afforestation, we aim to conserve soil and water, increase biodiversity, achieve a balanced coexistence, and maintain the integrity of natural ecosystems.
The impact value is CNY 3.9 million.
USI has planted 151,482 trees covering 97.91 hectares.
Biodiversity Please refer to the Conserving the Environment section The latest ecological survey reports 47 species observed in Inner Mongolia and 14 species in Ningxia.
for further details.
Conserved about 134,332.52 metric tonnes of water and captured 729.44 metric tonnes of CO in a 2 year.
18 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Materiality Analysis Social Impact USI annually conducts a materiality analysis using the AA1000 Stakeholder Engagement Standards and the AA1000 Accountability Principles of USI's business operations not only have direct financial impacts on stakeholders, but also have positive and negative Inclusivity, Materiality, Responsiveness, and Impact as our framework to social impacts including supplier partnership, employee engagement & development, employee health & safety, and identify material issues for ESG disclosure.
The assessment is conducted social cohesion.
In 2023, the total value of social impact was CNY 16,885.8 million which was mainly contributed by based on the Double Materiality principle referenced from GRI 3: Material supplier partnership.
The impact value of social dimension from direct operations (1) was CNY 16,861.9 million, Topics 2021, the European Sustainability Reporting Standards, and the CNY 5,047.6 million lower than in 2022.
EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive and integrated the Value Balancing Alliance (VBA) methodology, Harvard Business School Impact Driver 2023 Activity/Output Outcome/Impact Impact-Weighted Accounts methodology, London Benchmarking Group (LBG) framework, and TIMM Impact Evaluation framework to assess the Conducted document reviews and on-site audits of 65 material suppliers, and on-site significance of economic, environment, and people/human rights impacts audits of 34 on-site service contractors, audit mapped to sustainable issues.
The results are then prioritized according results were 100% low-risk.
The impact value is CNY 16,227.1 to their significance, presented to the Sustainability Committee, and Supplier Held Sustainable Supply Chain Webinar for the million.
incorporated into our enterprise risk management process to serve as a Greater China region at the Nantou Facility.
Please refer to the Supply Chain partnerships reference for setting our long-term sustainability goals and strategies.
507 supplier partners attended this webinar, Management section for further For more details, please refer to the Enterprise Risk Management section.
and 338 feedback surveys conveyed they were details.
Our materiality assessment process, content, and data are independently "very satisfied".
Global local procurement rate reached 40% in verified by a third-party assurance provider and disclosed in the 2023.
Third-Party Assurance Statement.
The impact value is CNY 487.0 Employee Carried out biennial employee engagement After examining global sustainable trends and communicating with Direct engagement survey in 2023.
The effective response rate of million.
stakeholders, we reevaluated the inclusiveness and relevance of our Please refer to the Employee Operations & the questionnaire was 83%, and the overall sustainable issues.
We added Risk & Crisis Management, removed Work Engagement section for further development score was 80%.
details.
from Home, separated Innovation Management & Sustainable Production into Green Products & Innovation Management and Sustainable There were 14 occupational injuries and 0 near-miss incidents.
The impact value is CNY 136.8 Production.
Employee USI goes beyond legal requirements and million.
The differences between material issues in 2023 and the previous year health & provides free employee physicals every Please refer to the Occupational safety year.
Also, specialized health exams are Health and Safety section for further are primarily due to investor concerns for emerging risk management provided for employees who work in high-risk details.
induced by extreme climate disasters and global political and economic environments.
turmoil.
Companies are also emphasizing integrating material issues and The impact value is CNY 11.0 million.
risk management, so Risk & Crisis Management and Waste Management Social 679 students engaged in 63,710 hours of Please refer to the Investing in were elevated as material issues after external expert consultation and cohesion industrial-academic partnership programs.
Education section for further details.
recommendations from the Sustainability Committee.
Although Regulatory Compliance and Data Privacy are not material issues, they are still part of The impact value is CNY 23.8 million.
Indirect Social Engaged 535 employees to volunteer 3,645 USI's long-term sustainability management, and their performance results Please refer to the Social Activities Operations cohesion hours of service in 2023.
are also disclosed in this report.
Overview section for further details.
Note: 1.
The social impact value directly related to operations is calculated by excluding charitable donations and non-industrial-academic educational programs.
19 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Process to Determine Material Issues Phase I. Inclusivity Phase II.
Materiality The Sustainability Committee reviewed our relationships with various stakeholders per In 2023, we collected 1,372 Stakeholder Concern Surveys from external and internal ASEH's requirement and defined our 7 major stakeholders as: shareholders/investors/ stakeholders.
Respondents include shareholders/investors/banks (13), customers (18), banks, employees, customers, suppliers/contractors, governments, industry unions/ employees (629), suppliers/contractors (625), government (11), industry unions/associations associations, and communities (including NGOs and the media).
(14), and communities (62).
We analyzed the surveys and identified issues of high stakeholder concern.
We integrated the SDGs, GRI Standards, SASB Standards, TCFD and TNFD frameworks, Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) Code of Conduct, S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Taking the EU concept of double materiality into consideration, we conducted an Operational Assessment indicators, and Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) ESG Rating Impact Survey to reflect Financial Materiality by measuring the impact of each sustainable indicators with our industry specific characteristics and ASEH's requirements and compiled issue on the Company's revenue, risks, customer satisfaction, and employee engagement.
them into 9 governance issues, 6 environmental issues, and 6 social issues, 21 sustainable 90 senior executives and Sustainability Committee members filled out this survey as issues in total.
representatives of USI's operations.
For Impact Materiality, apart from incorporating TIMM impact evaluation results, 39 managers and colleagues conducted an External Sustainability Impact Survey that includes 10 positive impacts and 7 negative impacts on the economy, environment, people/human rights and assesses the severity (1) and likelihood (2) of actual and potential impacts.
The survey results identify 9 significant impacts, including 3 positive economic impacts, 2 positive, and 4 negative environmental impacts.
We ranked the top 5 sustainability issues of stakeholder concern, significant operational impact, and significant external sustainability impact, and then tallied the number of occurrences.
The preliminary material issues are the intersectional results of the three surveys.
Double Materiality Impact Analysis 90 senior executives and Design Sustainability Investigate Stakeholder Sustainability Committee members Step Identify Stakeholders Step Step Step participated in the Operational Survey Concerns 1 7 stakeholders 2 3 4 Impact Survey 21 issues summarized 1,372 feedback surveys 39 managers and colleagues participated in the External Sustainability Impact Survey Note: 1.
Severity: an actual or potential negative impact is determined by the following characteristics: 2.
Likelihood: a potential negative impact refers to the chance/probability of the impact happening.
- Scale: how grave the impact is.
- Scope: how widespread the impact is, for example, the number of individuals affected or the extent of environmental damage.
- Irremediable character: how hard it is to counteract or make good the resulting harm.
20 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Phase III.
Responsiveness Phase IV.
Impact We assessed the significance of the issues by cross analyzing the Stakeholder Concern USI's five Sustainability Taskforces have disclosed management approaches, short- and Survey, Operational Impact Survey, and External Sustainability Impact Survey, then long-term goals, and strategies for each material issue according to their requirements, mapped it to previous material issues and consulted external experts and the Sustainability formulating 41 long-term goals.
Committee to determine 14 material issues.
The materiality assessment results were then In addition to quarterly Executive Team meetings, the Sustainability Taskforces also meet reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors.
We mapped 19 GRI topic standards and 7 USI specific topics (1) that respond to the material issues identified.
Non-material issues semiannually to review the progress of each goal.
At the annual Sustainability Committee meeting, we review our achievements, make rolling adjustments, track sustainability such as Diversity & Inclusion are also disclosed in this report as they are essential in USI's trends, and manage the impact of our sustainability goals.
We publicly disclose the sustainable development.
direction, progress, and performance of our sustainability goals in our annual Sustainability Scope and Structure of the Report: Following the principle of comparability, our 2023 Report.
Sustainability Report covers the material issues of the previous year.
The structure of this report is based on collecting internal data and management approaches, following indicator reporting requirements, and fully disclosing USI's current policy and plans for fulfilling ESG sustainability development.
Define Topic Disclosures and Boundaries Formulate Long-term Step Identify Material Issues Step Step Step Evaluate Impact 1 9 topic standards Goals 5 14 material issues 6 7 8 7 regular meetings 7 USI specific topics 41 long-term goals 7 manufacturing facilities Note: 1.
USI specific topics include Customer Relations, Sustainable Supply Chain, Green Products & Innovation, Sustainable Production, Cybersecurity Management, Risk & Crisis Management, Social Involvement, Data Privacy, and Biodiversity.
21 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Impact Evaluation - Monetization Model (TIMM) Type of Cause of Stakeholder/ Monetization Impacted Sustainable Dimension Impact Driver Output Metric Impact Valuation Impact Impact Impact Area (M CNY) Issue Shareholders/ Asset depreciation costs, repair Investments Positive Operations Capital expenditure 1,467.3 Sustainable Production investors/banks expenses Employee salary expenses, social Payroll Positive Operations Employees Payroll and benefits given 4,159.2 Talent Attraction & Retention insurance, pension funds Products/ Shareholders/ Financial Performance; Profits Positive Profit distribution Net profit reported 1,949.7 Services investors/banks Customer Relations Economic Intangible Shareholders/ R&D investment and intellectual Amortization of intangible assets, R&D Green Products & Innovation Positive Operations 1,896.5 assets investors/banks property acquisition expenses Management Shareholders/ Business Ethics; Customer Regulatory investors/banks Litigation and arbitration costs, Relations; Cybersecurity Negative Operations Litigation costs, legal advisor fees, fines -1.5 Compliance Governments fines Management; Data Privacy; Customers Risk & Crisis Management Greenhouse Climate Strategy; Energy Negative Operations Environment GHG emissions Social cost of carbon -52.8 gases Management Other emissions Negative Operations Environment Pollutant emissions Natural capital cost -2.6 Air Pollution Control Water use Negative Operations Environment Water consumption Natural capital cost -19.4 Water Resources Management Hazardous and non-hazardous Environmental Waste Negative Operations Environment waste Natural capital cost -2.9 Waste Management Recycled water Positive Operations Environment Reduced water consumption Natural capital cost 4.7 Water Resources Management Water conservation Reduced soil erosion Ecological benefits of vegetation Biodiversity Positive Operations Environment 3.9 Biodiversity; Climate Strategy Carbon sequestration and air restoration purification Market price valuation: Supply Supplier RBA audit Property losses or external training fees Supplier chain Suppliers Sustainable Supply Chain; Positive Supplier training Perceived value according to supplier 16,227.1 partnerships Business Customers Customer Relations Local procurement survey activities Local procurement value Market price valuation: Talent Attraction & Retention; Employee Employee career development Mental wellbeing courses Human Capital Development; engagement & Positive Operations Employees Work environment Company benefits and subsidies 487.0 Human Rights; Diversity & Social development Employee care Training and development expenses Inclusion Team building motivational course fees Occupational training Social cohesion Positive Operations Society Arts & culture sponsorship Value transfer valuation (1) 34.8 Social Involvement Environment Disadvantaged groups support Number of occupational injuries Employee health Employees Positive Operations Employee physicals Health and safety expenses 136.8 Occupational Health & Safety & safety Contractors Health insurance expenses Regulatory Compliance; Profit taxes Positive Operations Governments Taxes paid Income tax 524.1 Business Ethics Tax Regulatory Compliance; Other taxes Positive Operations Governments Taxes paid Real estate taxes, other taxes, and fees 313.1 Business Ethics Note: 1.
Based on the value transfer model described in the Social Capital Protocol, we referenced Taiwan SROI reports certified by Social Value International on similar topics, mapped and matched impact paths with USI activities to calculate the social value.
22 Impact Evaluation - Prioritizing Significant Impacts/Quantitative Data Model 17 Impacts 9 Significant Impacts Severity Likelihood Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Identifying Actual & Sustainable Issues Impact Significance Assessment Potential Impacts Prioritized by Significance Impact Material Issues Degree Innovating products that advance industrial Sustainable Supply Impact Positive Negative   development Chain Procurement creating upstream value Sustainable Production   Economy 4 1 Energy Management Supporting infrastructure and welfare   through taxes Waste Management Environment 2 4 Producing green products with Regulatory Compliance Very High   environmental benefits Business Ethics Using renewable and recycled resources to Green Products People/ 4 2   minimize environmental impact & Innovation Human Rights Management Resource consumption affecting humans   and the ecosystem Water Resource Management Non-renewable resources consumption Risk & Crisis   Management Sources: Severity = (1) + (2) + (3) Greenhouse emissions affecting climate   change Customer Relations High (1) VBA methodology (1) Scale Climate Strategy Procurement demand affecting the (2) Harvard Business School Impact- (2) Scope   environment Biodiversity Weighted Accounts (3) Irremediable Data Privacy (3) LBG framework Economic Impact Positive Human Rights   (4) USI Environmental Impact Negative Talent Attraction & Significant   Retention People/Human Rights Impact Social Involvement 23 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Double Materiality Assessment Results Operational Impact External Sustainability Impact (Financial Materiality) (Impact Materiality) Innovating Creating Supporting Producing Using Consumption Non- Emissions Procurement Dimension Material Issue Industrial Upstream Welfare Eco-friendly Renewable Affecting renewable Affecting Demand Customer Employee RevenueRisks Development Value through Products Resources Humans & the Resource Climate Affecting the SatisfactionEngagement Taxes Ecosystem Consumption Change Environment (+ Positive) (+ Positive)(+ Positive) (+ Positive) (+ Positive) (- Negative) (- Negative) (- Negative) (- Negative) Sustainable Supply Chain Sustainable Production Green Products & Innovation Management Governance/ Customer Economic Relations Cybersecurity Management Risk & Crisis Management Climate Strategy Energy Management Environmental Waste Management Occupational Health & Safety Human Rights Talent Attraction & Retention Social Human Capital Development Social Involvement 24 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Material Issues Risk Impact Management Determining Material Issues & Prioritization Ranking Rank Material Issue 1 Sustainable Supply Chain 2 Sustainable Production Green Products & 3 Stakeholder Innovation Management Concerns 4 Human Rights Survey 5 Customer Relations Talent Attraction & Operational External Experts 6 Retention Impact Previous Long-term & Sustainability 7 Cybersecurity Management Survey Results Goals Committee Consultation 8 Risk & Crisis Management 9 Climate Strategy External 10 Energy Management Sustainablity 11 Waste Management Impact Survey Occupational Health & 12 Safety Human Capital 13 Development 14 Social Involvement Selection Principle 1 Selection Principle 2 Expert Engagement & Consensus Ranked Material Issues 25 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Material Issues Impact Boundaries Impact: Causes Contributes to Directly Linked (1) Influence Boundaries Rank Material Issue GRI SASB (2) Suppliers USI Customers Society 204 Procurement Practices TC-ES-440a.
1 Materials Sourcing 308 Supplier Environmental TC-ES-320a.
2 Workforce Conditions, 1 Sustainable Supply Chain Assessment Health & Safety 414 Supplier Social Assessment TC-ES-320a.
3 Workforce Conditions, USI Specific Topic Health & Safety 2 Sustainable Production USI Specific Topic - 302 Energy Green Products & Innovation 3 416 Customer Health and Safety - Management USI Specific Topic 406 Non-Discrimination TC-ES-310a.
1 Labor Practices 407 Freedom of Association and TC-ES-320a.
2 Workforce Conditions, Collective Bargaining 4 Human Rights Health & Safety 408 Child Labor TC-ES-320a.
3 Workforce Conditions, 409 Forced or Compulsory Labor Health & Safety 411 Rights of Indigenous Peoples 5 Customer Relations USI Specific Topic - 201 Economic Performance 202 Market Presence 6 Talent Attraction & Retention 401 Employment TC-ES-000.
C Activity Metrics 402 Labor/Management Relations 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity 7 Cybersecurity Management USI Specific Topic - 8 Risk & Crisis Management USI Specific Topic - 201 Economic Performance 9 Climate Strategy - 305 Emissions 10 Energy Management 302 Energy - 11 Waste Management 306 Waste TC-ES-150a.
1 Waste Management TC-ES-320a.
1 Workforce Conditions, 12 Occupational Health & Safety 403 Occupational Health and Safety Health & Safety 13 Human Capital Development 404 Training and Education - 14 Social Involvement USI Specific Topic - Note: 1.
Grievance Mechanism: stakeholders can report grievances and provide feedback through channels provided in the Business Ethics section.
2.
USI's seven major manufacturing boundaries cover the Zhangjiang Facility, Jinqiao Facility, Huizhou Facility, Kunshan Facility (collectively called Mainland China Facilities), Nantou Facility, Mexico Facility, and Vietnam Facility.
26 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Material Issues Risk Management Risk Type: Strategic Operational Hazards     Mitigation/ (1) Material Issue Risk Factor Risk Type Risk Impact Evaluation Likelihood Severity Management Approach Supply chain procurement has potential negative economic, environmental, and human rights impacts.
We promote supplier sustainability performance evaluations Suppliers do not meet Sustainable and audits to avoid short-chain supply competition, key component shortages, Value Chain USI or regulation 3 3 Supply Chain   production interruption, conflict minerals, and adverse human rights impacts.
We Management requirements also collaborate with our supply chain partners to protect the environment, labor, and social welfare and maintain our operations and commitments to customers.
Advanced fabrication technologies are increasingly challenging and costly, affecting Failure to recognize the Company's competitiveness and potentially creating a negative economic Green Sustainable industry trends and lose   impact.
We continue to invest in smart, automated manufacturing processes and 2 3 Products & Production competitive edge   encourage employees to continuously discern possible improvements, creating a Innovation globally competitive smart manufacturing facility with better results.
Green products are subject to complex international environmental regulations.
Unable to meet green Green Products Failure to meet customer demands will affect USI's market share and potentially Green product demand and & Innovation   have a negative economic impact.
Therefore, we continue to design low-carbon 3 4 Products & develop innovative Management   products, improve energy efficiency, and strengthen product ecological design Innovation technologies capabilities to expand and create green business opportunities.
Failure to protect employee or supplier employee human rights has potential human rights and economic impacts that will affect employee engagement, diminish the Value Chain Failure to protect USI attractiveness of recruiting talent, and may affect USI's reputation and customers' Management Human Rights employees' and suppliers' 1 1 willingness to do business with us.
Thus, we regularly assess human rights risks in Inclusive human rights our workplace and supply chain and implement mitigation and remediation actions, Workplace creating an inclusive, non-discriminatory workplace.
If we cannot satisfy customers' diversified needs and provide professional services Unable to provide Customer and quality products, customers will seek solutions from other companies.
Building Value Chain products or services that 1 1 Relations   a good customer relationship will help improve customer satisfaction and loyalty, Management meet customer needs positively impacting people and the economy.
Failure to provide salaries and benefits that meet the needs and standards of the Talent Failure to attract or local community will hinder USI from recruiting and retaining talented personnel.
Inclusive Attraction & retain enough high- This may limit our capacity to develop new markets and affect our business.
We 1 1   Workplace Retention quality, diverse talent strive to be an attractive employer by offering competitive salaries and benefits and maintaining positive labor relations to create positive economic benefits.
Note: 1.
On a scale of 1 to 5, the higher the score, the higher the likelihood or severity.
27 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Risk Type: Strategic Operational Hazards     Mitigation/ Material Issue Risk Factor Risk Type Risk Impact Evaluation Likelihood Severity Management Approach A lack of cybersecurity awareness can cause leaked confidential information, leading Cybersecurity Various forms of hacking to economic losses for USI and its customers.
Implementing training and a holistic Operations & 3 5 Management attacks   cybersecurity system can lower risks, increase customer confidence, and generate Governance positive economic benefits.
Ineffective risk control will cause failure to recognize and respond to risks, potentially Failure to immediately Risk & Crisis causing multiple negative economic, environmental, and people impact.
To mitigate Operations & recognize and effectively   2 2 Management this, we adopted the Three Lines of Defense model in our internal control to turn Governance control risks   risks into opportunities and ensure sustainable operations.
Operational impact due Environmental to climate disasters; In response to stakeholder requests, USI is increasing the use of renewable energy to Climate   Protection & local and international reduce environmental impact, which will also result in increased costs, and failure to 3 4 Strategy   Occupational GHG emissions reduction meet this demand may affect our orders.
Safety regulations Power shortages and disruptions can cause delays in delivery and operational losses, Environmental affecting USI's reputation and customers' confidence in placing orders.
To reduce the Energy Excessive energy Protection &   actual and potential impact on the economy and the environment, we will continue 3 4 Management consumption in operations Occupational to improve energy efficiency and replace old equipment to reduce GHG emissions Safety and operational risks.
Improper operational waste disposal might result in environmental pollution, which Environmental Waste Pollution due to improper could affect our reputation.
To reduce our actual and potential environmental Protection & 3 2 Management waste disposal impact, we partner with qualified waste treatment facilities and effectively reuse and Occupational recycle resources to reduce waste generation.
Safety Natural and occupational disasters potentially negatively impact the economy, environment, and people.
Damaged equipment, damaged or collapsed buildings, Environmental Occupational Various natural or man- and failure to implement operational safety regulations may endanger worker safety Protection & 3 2 Health & Safety made disasters and cause disruptions to USI's operations.
Implementing safety management and Occupational maintaining a safety culture with our contractors reduces risks, prevents workplace Safety accidents, and increases efficiency.
If employees' capabilities cannot progress with business demands, it will affect Employee capabilities Human Capital USI's future growth and competitive edge and has a potential human and economic Inclusive failing to progress with 1 1 Development   impact.
With suitable training, knowledge sharing, and learning mechanisms, we can Workplace the times develop employees' abilities to help achieve business objectives.
Failure to respond adequately to neighboring community requests can affect Failure to respond USI's reputation and potentially impact the people and the environment.
Through Social Social adequately to community Investing in Education, Contributing to Society, Conserving the Environment, and 1 1 Involvement Involvement requests Promoting Arts & Culture, we respond to community needs and strive to maximize our positive impact on society while minimizing our environmental impact.
28 / 2023       Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Stakeholder Engagement To respond to issues that are high stakeholder concern, we communicate with our stakeholders through various platforms on our sustainable development strategies and progress to maintain and strengthen our relationships.
Issues identified as non-material will also be disclosed in their respective chapters to maintain report continuity.
Communication Channel (Frequency) 2023 Performance Shareholders/Investors/Banks Focus Issues: Human Capital Development, Talent Attraction & Retention, Sustainable Supply Chain, Green Products & Innovation Management, Air Pollution Control Board meetings (yearly/non-periodic) Annual general meeting (yearly/non-periodic) Held 9 board meetings.
Quarterly/semiannual/annual report (periodic) Held 2 shareholders' meetings to explain our operating performance, investment plans, and respond to investors' concerns.
Investor briefings (quarterly) U SI publishes the Company's financial information on the SSE website regularly (quarterly/semi-annual/annual reports), which Investor Relations on USI website (all the time) also analyzes USI's business performance.
S hanghai Stock Exchange-SSE E-interaction (all Quarterly investor online conferences are held to explain the USI's overall business operation status and strategies.
the time) Participate in brokers' strategy meetings and receive investors during their visits.
Receptions, visits, and roadshows (1) (non-periodic) T he Chairman was interviewed on First Voice, where he shared USI's global strategy, core competitiveness, and his view on Other interim announcements (non-periodic) future market trends to help stakeholders understand the Company's strategy of "Global Demand, Local Service".
Customers Focus Issues: Occupational Health & Safety, Human Rights, Talent Attraction & Retention, Human Capital Development, Waste Management, Air Pollution Control Conduct quarterly satisfaction surveys through sales associates, and the customers satisfaction score is 84.5.
Report Self-Assessment Questionnaire (SAQ) assessment results through the RBA-Online platform.
Customer's satisfaction questionnaire (quarterly) Constant monitoring of RMA (2) status through the system (e-RMA).
RBA-Online (all the time) No product recalls, and 100% customer complaints resolution rate.
After-sales service system (e-RMA) (all the time) R espond to customers' green product marketing needs with 100% compliance with international safety standards/ Mailbox (all the time) environmental regulations or energy-saving requirements.
U SI continuously implements NIST CSF (3) maturity assessments and improve cybersecurity management capabilities to enhance customer confidence.
Conduct annual Cybersecurity Fundamentals training to boost employee cybersecurity awareness.
Note: 1.
Roadshows: Roadshows refer to securities issuers' promotion activities targeting institutional investors before the issuance of securities, and is an important promotion and publicity tool to facilitate the successful issuance of shares with full communication between investors and financiers 2.
RMA, Return Merchandise Authorization 3.
NIST CFS, US National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework 29 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Communication Channel (Frequency) 2023 Performance Employees Focus Issues: Occupational Health & Safety, Human Rights, Talent Attraction & Retention, Data Privacy, Human Capital Development H eld a workers' conference each quarter to discuss and plan recent activities related to employees and propose employees' opinions.
"Employee Relationship Website" is set up in USI's intranet.
In addition to providing information regarding employees' welfare and activities, employees can share their opinions in the "suggestions box for employees" on the website.
And a total of 395 employee opinions were given back.
E mployee Welfare Committee/staff congress H eld quarterly President/General Manager's Symposiums to announce USI's future plans and expectations and listen to (quarterly) employees' voices.
Held 167 symposiums in total.
President Symposium (quarterly) S hared senior management insights and experiences, latest industry trends, health knowledge, and employee activities Industrial relations meetings (quarterly) through the Company's quarterly journals and WeChat posts.
Held 205 employee activities and 224 employee health Newsletter (quarterly) education trainings.
Employee engagement survey (every other year) C onducted annual employee salary adjustment.
For outstanding employees, the Company provides a stock subscription plan Employee Relationship Website (all the time) to reward employees; in 2023, USI raised salaries by 1.5% to 12.0% in Mainland China, 2.9% to 4.2% in Nantou, 5.5% to Announcement (all the time) 16.0% in Mexico and 7.0% to 8.0% in Vietnam to maintain its competitiveness in the talent market.
Training programs (non-periodic) C onducted a biennial Employee Engagement Survey to effectively collect employees' opinions and use it as a policy tool for attracting, retaining, and cultivating talents.
This survey had an effective response rate of 83%, and the total score of engagement was 80%.
P rovided employees with various educational training programs to build their professional skills.
Employees received 24.5 hours of training on average in 2023.
Suppliers/Contractors Focus Issues: Sustainable Supply Chain, Customer Relations, Business Ethics, Human Rights, Green Products & Innovation Management H eld 25 Executive Business Reviews with material suppliers, mentored 81 suppliers to implement corrective actions, and held 24 new product and technology presentations.
E valuated 38 new suppliers, 95% were approved and became USI's Approved Vendors.
Quarterly business review (quarterly) C onducted a supplier survey to gauge supplier status and views.
456 suppliers responded to the survey.
Supplier evaluation (yearly) W e held a Sustainable Supply Chain Webinar for the Greater China Region to promote our ESG policies requirements for Questionnaire investigation for suppliers (yearly) suppliers and shared future goals.
A total of 507 supplier partners attended the webinar.
Supplier sustainability conferences (yearly) A dvocate for green supply chains and manage the sourcing of raw materials.
Ensure products and materials comply with USI Purchase contracts/Conducts (in contract period) green products regulations through the Green Parts Aggregations & Reporting System platform.
Training of suppliers (non-periodic) I n addition to the compliance with purchase contract, suppliers must sign the Supplier Code of Business Integrity and On-site audit for suppliers (non-periodic) Supplier's Commitment to Corporate Social Responsibilities.
Business meetings (non-periodic) A bout 340 contractors attended our occupational health & safety training.
9 9 suppliers were selected for document and on-site RBA audits.
M entored 2 suppliers to introduce and obtain certification for GHG and product carbon footprint management systems (ISO 14064-1 or ISO 14067).
30 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Communication Channel (Frequency) 2023 Performance OOppeerraattiioonnss aanndd GGoovveerrnnaannccee Governments Focus Issues: Waste Management, Air Pollution Control, Water Resource Management, Occupational Health & USI's vision is to be the most reliable global partner leveraging our capabilities and technologies to serve Safety, Human Rights all stakeholders and the planet better.
Through the collective contribution of employer and employees, we established effective governance mechanisms with respective responsibilities and accountabilities.
Actively participate in briefings/public hearings/seminars held by competent authorities.
Official document (non-periodic) We strive to generate exceptional rewards for stakeholders and build a better place to live.
U SI complies with local regulatory requirements and makes every effort to reduce emissions.
Furthermore, the Company has G overnmental agencies briefings/public not been sanctioned for any significant air pollution.
hearings/seminars (non-periodic) I mplementing continuous environmental protection via effective reduction, reuse, and recycling has reduced our total waste volume.
Our non-hazardous waste recycling rate has reached 91.5%.
Included in SSE Corporate Industry Unions/Associations Focus Issues: Sustainable Supply Chain, Green Products & Innovation Management, Cybersecurity Management,  % Risk & Crisis Management, Regulatory Compliance, Customer Relations, Sustainable Production Governance Index for Board Meeting A ctively participate in conferences or forums held by Industry Unions or Associations.
We participated in 40 external Industry conferences (non-periodic) organizations.
Attendance   Consecutive Years I ndustry Union/Associations conference forum T hrough the collaboration between internal lecturers from USI University (USIU) and partner manufacturers' associations, (non-periodic) public associations, and universities, we share our own experience, knowledge, or the latest industry trends to relevant people Member meeting (non-periodic) and students.
Shared 20 courses in total.
Hrs.
A-level Rating of Information Publish operating results and development direction periodically.
Continuous Education Disclosure in the SSE for for Board Members Communities (NGOs and the Media) Focus Issues: Human Rights, Diversity & Inclusion, Social Involvement, Climate Strategy, Risk & Crisis  Consecutive Years Management, Air Pollution Control U SI Website/Email/Direct line/Press release Draw up environmental protection, occupational health & safety (EHS) standard operation procedure and measures of   (all the time) environment safety communication, consultancy, and participation.
Keep friendly relationships with community residents.
Major Cybersecurity   Community activities (non-periodic) Actively participate in social activities and establish a good relationship with the local communities we operate in.
Held 86 Significant Violations philanthropic social activities.
Incidents SDGs Key Stakeholders: Shareholders/Investors/Banks, Governments 31 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement OOppeerraattiioonnss aanndd GGoovveerrnnaannccee USI's vision is to be the most reliable global partner leveraging our capabilities and technologies to serve all stakeholders and the planet better.
Through the collective contribution of employer and employees, we established effective governance mechanisms with respective responsibilities and accountabilities.
We strive to generate exceptional rewards for stakeholders and build a better place to live.
Included in SSE Corporate  % Governance Index for Board Meeting Attendance   Consecutive Years   Hrs.
A-level Rating of Information Continuous Education Disclosure in the SSE for for Board Members  Consecutive Years     Major Cybersecurity Significant Violations Incidents SDGs Key Stakeholders: Shareholders/Investors/Banks, Governments 32 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Sustainable Issue Performance and Targets Material Issue Achieved Not Achieved Management Purpose KPI 2023 Target 2023 Performance Status 2024 Target 2028 Target Management Approach: Strengthen employee awareness of the Company's and customer's information asset protection responsibilities, construct a safe and convenient information network environment to protect employees from internal and external cybersecurity threats.
Cybersecurity Management Evaluation Mechanism: Grade cybersecurity incidents according to tolerable downtime of critical systems through the Information Security Steering Committee and adopt countermeasures to avoid damage expansion.
Major Establish a holistic cybersecurity system No major cybersecurity 0 major cybersecurity No major cybersecurity No major cybersecurity cybersecurity and ensure its effectiveness incidents incidents incidents incidents incidents Management Approach: Identify risk events and factors, evaluate, and adopt proper countermeasures, convert risk management actions to the Enterprise Risk Management/ organization strategies to ensure sustainable management and achieve business operational goals.
Business Continuity Evaluation Mechanism: Ensure compliance through Risk Management Committee's annual review USI internal control and audit system, and conduct annual risk drills by business continuity management mechanism.
Follow ISO 31000 Introduce ISO 31000 management Introduce ISO 31000 Introduced ISO 31000 Introduce ISO 31000 to North America principles and to Huizhou Facility to Huizhou Facility to Suzhou Facility Facilities guidelines Achieve sustainable business continuity through risk management Follow ISO 22301 Implemented ISO Implement ISO 22301 Implement ISO 22301 management 22301 in Zhangjiang, Implement ISO 22301 in Mainland China in North America principles and Huizhou, and Kunshan in Vietnam Facility Facilities Facilities guidelines Facilities Regulatory Compliance/Data Privacy USI Regulation Ensure compliance with applicable laws Compliance 90% training 90% training 95% training 99% training and regulations and avoid violations training completion rate completion rate completion rate completion rate completion rate Business Ethics USI Code of Conduct 100% training or Sunshine 100% training 100% training 100% training Prevent corruption and bribery completion rate of USI Conduct completion rate completion rate completion rate Code of Conduct Policy training completion rate 33 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Board Governance USI's Board of Directors has four special committees that report directly to them: the Strategy and Sustainability Committee, Audit Center the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration Committee, and the Audit Committee.
The directors are assigned to different committees based on their expertise to improve the Company's core competitiveness.
The committees have specific rules of The Audit Center is subordinate to the Audit Committee.
The procedure.
All members of the special committees must be directors.
Independent directors shall comprise the majority of employment of the head of auditing must be approved by half members on the Audit, Nomination, and Remuneration Committees and be the conveners of those committees.
The convener of of the board members.
A full-time head auditor is established, the Audit Committee must be a professional accountant, and the Strategy and Sustainability Committee should include at least and auditors are established in major facilities as well.
Group one independent director.
Proposals from the special committees need to be reviewed and approved by the Board.
The Company Internal Audit establishes a risk-based internal audit system must conduct at least two Board meetings annually with an 80% attendance requirement.
In 2023, there were 9 board meetings and performs internal audit activities in accordance with the with a 100% attendance.
annual audit plan approved by the board of directors.
Internal Audit Process Board Structure Range of audit All operations and management of finance and General Meeting business are included.
According to related regulations, of Shareholders there are eight divided cycles plus information cycle Strategy and USI Sustainability and financial reporting flow responsible for respective Sustainability Committee Committee audit.
Nomination Committee Object of audit Board of Board of Supervisors Directors Remuneration All institutes and legal branches around the world Committee of USI.
Audit Committee Audit Center General Audit strategy Manager The regular audit is practiced based on the annual audit project decided by the board of directors; a special case audit will be practiced if needed.
The goal is to prevent possible shortages from the internal control system and present improving suggestions.
Besides, the Audit Center urges all departments to Manufacturing Business Function practice self-examination and assessment to evaluate Sites Units Units the rationality and effectiveness of the outcomes.
The Audit Center will produce an auditing report after the auditing activity is performed.
The compiled report will be submitted to the board of directors as the realization of the Company's governance spirits.
34 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Board Nomination and Responsibilities Board Participation in USI implements the Board of Directors Diversity Policy to select candidates based on a range of diversity criteria, including but Sustainability Governance not limited to gender, age, nationality, culture, ethnicity and industrial background.
Board director candidates are nominated according to Articles of Association of USI and voted by the Shareholders' Meeting.
Each director's term is three years.
USI's Board USI has established the Strategy and Sustainability of Directors shall consist of 9 to 11 directors, of which independent directors may not account for less than one-third of the Board Committee directly under the Board of Directors, which is members.
The independent director candidates are required for the attitude of independence.
Jeffrey Chen serves as Chairman composed of board directors to supervise the goals setting of the Board.
The responsibilities of Chairman are to supervise the execution progress of Board resolutions and exercise and implementation of company's sustainable development.
the authorities of legal representative.
The Board of Directors shall exercise its authority according to laws, administrative USI President C.Y. Wei, one of Board members, acts as regulations, department rules or articles of the company.
Material events must be deliberated and voted by directors after full the Chair of the Sustainability Committee.
Chairman and discussion.
But if the events are out of the authorization to Board of Directors, it should be submitted to Shareholders' meeting President participate Annual Sustainability Committee to for deliberation and approval.
USI held 2 Shareholders meetings in 2023; shareholder representatives passed resolutions of provide suggestions on ESG performance and targets, and Directors and Supervisors and financial proposals in accordance with the laws.
it can also strengthen the relationship between the Board and sustainability strategies.
Each year, the Sustainability Board Diversity Committee submits the annual Sustainability Report including material issues to the board of directors, and a series of discussions and plans will be carried out by the 36 12 board of directors regarding our implementation of Corporate 18 Social Responsibility activities.
41 12 In 2023, the Board of Directors approved the Biodiversity and Gender Age Industrial No Deforestation Commitment and EHS & Energy Policy to Distribution Distribution Experience establish the foundation of sustainable development.
% % % Board Performance and 82 64 35 Remuneration USI established an evaluation and incentive mechanism to Male Female over 50 30-50 Information Education years old years old Technology measure the performance of directors and senior officers respectively.
Board of Directors will submit Working Reports, Law Finance and Remuneration Committee will draft a remuneration proposal according to achievement rate of annual profit According to the Company Articles, any corporations related to the matters in the resolutions made in the director meetings and operating targets, and link to sustainable targets of and board meetings shall not vote on such resolution or exercise the right to vote on behalf of other directors.
The Company material issues by duty requests, such as energy intensity, has a Board of Supervisors which includes shareholders representatives and employee representatives.
Supervisors shall monitor GHG emissions.
The proposal is generated after considering the acts of the directors and senior officers, audit and approve the regular reports prepared by the Board of Directors.
External industrial salary level and company status, and interlinking auditors will issue an internal audit report annually.
Please refer to Section 10 of the 2023 Annual Report for related party the business operator's annual salary, company assets, relationships and transactions.
profitability, and business goals.
It is expected to enhance 35 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Business Ethics and Compliance operator's positivity, perfect the mechanism to select the superiors and strengthen goal Business Ethics constraint.
To improve corporate governance and ensure the reliability of the company's financial results, USI rules clawback provision in Rules of Procedures of Remuneration USI adopts a zero-tolerance attitude with fraud.
To ensure employees do not commit fraud Committee of the Board of Directors.
USI has the right to cancel or reclaim the variable or illegal profit exchanges with related institutes, USI employees must put more emphasis remuneration previously paid to the Company's President and Chief Financial Officer to the on incorruptible deeds.
In employees' working regulations, they are required not to engage in extent permitted by applicable laws.
activities for personal gain with their authority.
USI has drawn up a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to be the business dealing standards of company employees, business partners and For further details of remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Officers, please refer to other stakeholders.
Section 4 of the 2023 Annual Report.
Promotion and Training Continuous Education for Board Members To ensure that employees understand and comply with the USI Employee Code of Conduct, Fraud Risk Management Procedure, and the Sunshine Conduct Policies.
Except the newcomers To expand board members' competencies, USI arranges training courses that cover corporate are given related training courses, all employees need to finish the required reading and pass governance and sustainability for board members in hopes that they will incorporate the spirit the quiz every year.
All records are listed as tracking lists to ensure the course of Employee of sustainability in steering USI corporate policy.
In 2023, board members completed 105.23 Code of Conduct has been finished by each employee.
For the number of employees who hours of training.
accepted the Business Ethics Anti-Corruption training course, please refer to the Sustainability Data - Governance: A. Business Ethics Anti-Corruption Trainings in 2023.
Course Name Hours Furthermore, the Sunshine Conduct Policies have been conducted to employees regularly to remind them of relevant corporate regulations and strict observance of rules.
And Sunshine Pre-appointment training for independent directors 75.00 Conduct is also announced to suppliers every year.
Once the violations of the Sunshine Conduct Policies have been verified to be true, the punished personnel must return unjustified First Training Session of 2023 for Directors, Supervisors and enrichment to compensate company's losses, and their bonus, performance appraisal and Executives and Specialized Training on the Reform of Independent promotion will be restricted according to the degree of negligence.
6.50 Directors of Listed Companies in Shanghai Jurisdiction (including Corporate Risks Mitigation, Legal Liability and Fraud Cases) Risk Assessment After identified and assessed by risk management process in 7 major facilities of this reporting scope in 2023, Fraud was identified as a middle risk but controllable item, so there were no Second Training Session of 2023 for Directors, Supervisors and important corruption cases required for corrective actions.
Executives and Specialized Training on the Reform of Independent 13.00 Directors of Listed Companies in Shanghai Jurisdiction (including Grievance Mechanism and Whistleblowing Protection Legal Liability and Fraud Cases) Stakeholders can give feedback or appeal through meetings, e-mail, or Contact USI on the USI website.
The Company provides a mailbox for all internal and external stakeholders to report 2023 Chairman and General Manager Specialized Training 1.73 any integrity-related improper or suspected illegal practices.
Anonymous or named reporting are both accepted.
The Company shall follow Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to do due Sixth Follow-up Training Session of 2023 for Independent Directors diligence to investigate all reported cases and keep confidential of reporters in accordance 9.00 of Listed Companies with the laws to ensure safety of reporters and no threat or damage to reporters' rights and interests.
36 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Financial Performance and Tax Governance The number of Code of Business Conduct and Ethics violations in Financial Performance 2023 is as follows: USI has built an effective communication platform for direct engagement and is committed to providing transparency about the status of our business operations and periodically updates Reporting areas Number of breaches in 2023 on our Investors Services website to maintain a long-term, stable, and harmonious relationship between the corporation and investors.
In 2023, USI reported consolidated sales revenue of Corruption or Bribery 0 CNY 60.79 billion with a decrease of 11.27% compared with 2022.
The earnings per share were CNY 0.89 and dividend remittance was CNY 938,928,462, accounting for 1.54% of revenue.
The Discrimination or Harassment 4 data scope in this section includes USI global operation locations, for more details, please refer to the ESG Key Performance Data - Governance: Financial Performance, or Financial Information Customer Privacy Data 0 on the USI website.
Conflicts of Interest 0 Tax Governance Money Laundering or Insider Trading 0 USI's Tax Policy states our principles of tax governance and follow tax laws of global operation locations.
We believe that being an honest and responsible taxpayer fosters economic growth and contributes to long term business sustainability.
Regulatory Compliance The Company focused on tax risk management and included Tax Report to be one of the risk USI has devoted to maintaining the corporate image for years and strictly complied with assessment items.
The Tax Policy has been approved by the Board of Directors, and the Chief national or international laws and regulations related to corporate governance, financial Financial Officer must supervise tax policy compliance, financial staff must take taxation management, intellectual property, green environmental protection and safety rules, labor training courses to prevent any risks from uncertain tax regulations.
USI obtained a standard rights, and fair market competition.
We cherish customer values, rights, and interests.
We track unqualified audit report in 2023, please refer to the Important Notices of the 2023 Annual the updates and compliance with applied laws and regulations at different facilities.
Report for related information.
For any negative impact on corporate image or violation of the law, a task force will be Our principal operating facilities and offices are in Mainland China and Taiwan, which formed by USI to take countermeasures.
By the end of 2023, there were no violations contributed around 60% of income tax expense and income tax paid in 2023.
The statutory tax resulting in a significant penalty of over USD 10,000 (CNY 70,000), antitrust or other non- rates in Mainland China and Taiwan are 25% and 20% respectively.
Mainland China Facilities economic punishment occurred.
qualified as high-technology enterprises, and thus were entitled to a reduced income tax rate Protection of Privacy and Personal Data of 15% and were eligible for weighted deduction of research and development expenses.
We value the importance of privacy and personal data protection.
USI adopts the Policy Additionally, Nantou Facility was also qualified as an industrial innovation enterprise and thus on the Protection of Privacy and Personal Data to guide and manage the compliance and entitled to reduce research and development expenses after income tax.
In 2023, the effective protection of stakeholder personal data.
If employees or external stakeholders discover any tax rate in Mainland China Facilities was 7.6%.
And due to the adjustment of declared and violations of privacy laws or regulations, they can provide feedback or appeal through e-mail.
approved tax amounts, the effective tax rate in Nantou Facility was -2.73%.
The Legal, Compliance & IP Division organizes relevant parties to investigate and respond to incidents.
By the end of 2023, we did not use collected personal data for any secondary purposes other than the specific purposes for which the personal data was first collected, and there were no incidents of infringement of privacy rights, and no incidents of data leakage.
37 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Enterprise Risk Management Please refer to the charts below for the 2023 income tax Risk Management Committee accrued and income tax paid by operating regions (1): The USI Audit Committee is composed of five directors, of which more than half are independent directors.
To ensure sustainable business achievements, USI follows internal audit mechanism to organize a Risk Management Committee to execute annual risk Income Tax Accrued management activities according to business environment, industrial trend, and company operations.
The COO acts as the Chair, committee members are representatives chosen from Vice Presidents of business units, functional units, and manufacturing sites.
22% 12% The operating units of Risk Management Committee are responsible for the first line risks management to identify the internal and external risk factors, evaluate the risk levels, and inspect the effectiveness of activities.
According to evaluation of risk level, 7% the committee takes the responsibility to adopt countermeasures and ensure the risk management policy can be executed by each operation unit.
The Risk Management Committee takes the second line responsibility, committee secretariat will track the targets of risk management activities from each operating unit.
And the achievements will be presented to Vice President of the CNY 240 million Risk Management unit.
In addition, the company sets risk control indicators according to operational risks, the business units and 59% functional units of each manufacturing site will conduct risk control evaluation every month and provide incentives to the units with excellent performances.
To cultivate risk awareness, USI arranged training courses for board members, and held Risk Management Introduction for Mainland China, Taiwan, Mexico, and Vietnam employees by online course in 2023.
It is expected to reduce crisis through risk Mainland China APAC Europe Others prevention and monitoring process.
Risk Management Income Tax Paid Committee 9% 26% Secretariat 24% CNY 489 million Operating Units Risk Management Units 41% Mainland China APAC Europe Others Business Units Function Units Manufacturing Sites Note: 1.
APAC: includes Taiwan, Hongkong, Vietnam and Japan; Europe: includes France, Germany, UK, Czech, Poland, and Tunisia; Others: includes Mexico and the U.S.A. 38 Risk Governance Policy Risk Assessment Matrix Through worldwide manufacturing sites, business units and functional units, USI engages Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) to identify risk events and factors, evaluate and adopt proper countermeasures.
Through monitoring progress of risk mitigation plans to ensure the risks are effective controlled and convert the corporate risk management actions to the organization strategies enhancement to ensure sustainable management and achieve business operational goals.
The Risk Management Committee will review the company's exposure twice per year.
In the mid-year, the committee decides USI focused risks based on macroeconomic situation and worldwide operational risks (Top-down).
In the end-year, the committee reviews internal operational risks identified by business units, manufacturing sites and functional units (Bottom-up).
Risk Governance Process leveL ksiR Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Economic Situation/ Industrial Trends H Financial Disclosure Cybersecurity Production Schedule Outsourcing Innovation, Research, and Development Fraud Production Labor Natural and Man-made Shortage Disasters Regulatory Compliance Production Equipment Reward Plan 1 2 3 M Manufacturing Process Capital Expenditures Identification Risk Assessment Risk Response Design Assessment Purchasing Cost Raw Material Management Management Geographical Politics Identify focus items 1.
Evaluate the risk levels Find and evaluate Pricing Business Concentration through corporate risk from two aspects countermeasures and Contract Management management by senior The possibility of corrective actions management and occurrence to control risks that Corporate Social apply Risk Evaluation The negative include: Responsibility Questionnaire to impacts on finance, Implementation Energy Management and Marketing Strategies Alternative Energy collect feedback from reputation, cost and resources Biodiversity Logistics each operation unit.
and continuing Feasibility and Taxation Inventory Management L Manage risks by Top- operations possible benefits Board Structure and Shipping Management down and Bottom-up 2.
Inspect the Proposal lead M Bua sn inag ee ssm Men ot del Organizational Structure models to identify the effectiveness of time and schedule Product Launch Key Technical Talents risk factors of impact existing activities planning Environmental Protection, Health, and Safety on USI sustainable and evaluate residual development risk after control Yes Partial No activities Control Effectiveness 39 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement In the risk assessment phase, USI identifies the risk level to be developed.
If the risk level is low, we will keep tracking Every year, USI reviews company's exposure to climate by occurrence frequency, and evaluates the enterprise risk the control effectiveness.
But if the risk level is moderate, change risk and water regime risk.
We also perform sensitivity impact levels from the dimensions of finance, reputation, and we need to improve the controls or countermeasures.
Once analysis on other risks that include interest/exchange rates continuing operations.
Comprehensive both of risk impact the risk level is high, we will take immediate action, confirm risks, please refer to the 2023 Annual Report for details.
level and frequency of occurrence, we will refer to the control the action owner and schedule to track the improvement effectiveness criteria to scale our existing controls and progress periodically.
countermeasures and decide whether an action plan needs Risk tolerance level of Risk tolerance level of Risk tolerance level of information technology human resources external factors After evaluating the risk tolerance level of USI has built a complete human resources and Due to trade barriers and COVID-19 in recent information technology by risk governance development mechanism to response USI's years, the competitive trend is focusing on short process, its risk level was high.
To face this high global layout, but the risk tolerance level of supply chain, and manufacturing technologies risk, USI immediately made corrective actions to human resources was still identified by high.
have been promoted with intelligent, green, concentrate resources to improve capabilities of We set up KPI to track achievements and and service-oriented.
Both land cost and labor information security team, enhance employees' perform annual human rights risk assessment to cost of manufacturing sites are not the priority.
safety awareness and emergency response ensure a diverse and inclusive workplace.
In the Thus, the risk tolerance level of competitive capabilities, and cooperate with cybersecurity dimension of human capital development, USI was identified as high.
USI develops local consultants to strengthen information security encourages employees to improve professional suppliers to reduce transportation lead-time level.
We followed ISO 27001 guidelines to skills and take further education to obtain and cost.
Automation technologies to improve grade information security incidents which academic degrees and develop core competence production efficiency, and low-carbon products were reviewed by Information Security Steering and management competence for senior are designed to increase energy efficiency and Committee and established tolerable downtime managers.
In terms of talent retention, we build save production cost.
of critical system.
According to the notification a key successor system to improve the potential standards of operational and reputational talents' retention rate.
It is expected to attract impacts to set up risk team and adopt more key talents and reduce operating risks countermeasures to prevent the expansion through comprehensive talent development of damage.
In addition, it is planned to store and retention plans and establish the basis for backups of critical systems at least two facilities sustainable operations.
to prevent data lost from system outages.
40 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement (1) 2023 USI Risk Assessment Countermeasures Emerging Risks Risk Situation Countermeasure Corporate Chance 1.
Regular vulnerability assessment and remedy system 1.
Upgrade system safety level with updated cybersecurity 1.
System crashes due to unfixed system vulnerabilities technologies to reduce the risks of hacker attacks vulnerabilities 2.
Follow company cybersecurity management mechanism 2.
Train employees' cybersecurity awareness of new 2.
Attacked by computer viruses or lack Cyberattacks 3.
Safety stock computer spares and backup hard disk to cyberattacks cybersecurity awareness avoid emergencies 3.
Through a comprehensive cybersecurity plan to protect 3.
Production system is attacked by 4.
Quarterly check production software and hardware company's intellectual property and business security hackers equipment to meet USI cybersecurity standards to consolidate business competitive 1.
The global economy outlook is Regional supply chain is emphasized in the post- 1.
Understand the impacts from global economic changes impacted by unstable trading, high pandemic era, labor-intensive has become tech-intensive, and industry trends to adopt action plans and operating Economic market volatility and protectionism automation and intelligent production are promoted, and strategies Conditions 2.
New business models and digital the long-chain manufacturing process has become short- 2.
Cooperate with customers to develop technology applications will bring unprecedented chain.
Continue to provide comprehensive services for portfolios, review, and adjust technology strategies changes customers to improve company's competitiveness.
Operation and Risk Situation Countermeasure Corporate Chance Infrastructure Risk 1.
Ensure corporate sustainable development through a 1.
Build key successor system: successor system, and prevent business impact from (1) Regular inventory the requirements of key positions unexpected changes in personnel (2) Make succession development plans and provide 2.
Implement talent development mechanism to ensure Succession Plan Operating risk from imperfect cultivation resources the successors have the capability to perform key and Recruitment of the talent team and management.
(3) Systematized talent database for ongoing regular responsibilities tracking 3.
Provide diversified development resources to potential 2.
Build talent development scheme: the development talents, increase development opportunities, and plans of succession talents and potential talents focus on individual development requirements to improve the potential talents' retention rate 1.
Lack cybersecurity awareness 1.
Hold regular cybersecurity training for employees 1.
Enhance all employees' cybersecurity awareness 2.
Leak system account or password 2.
Two-factor authentication 2.
Upgrade system safety level and assure corporate 3.
System is locked by hacker or data Cybersecurity 3.
Regular backup & offsite backup reputation loss 4.
Regular vulnerability assessment and remedy system 3.
Train the employees' resilience to reduce the hazard 4.
System is crashed by unfixed system vulnerabilities impacts vulnerabilities Note: 1.
The focus items are risk factors integrated by ASEH.
Please refer to the 2023 Annual Report Risk Management: Section 3: (IV) Possible Risks.
41 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Strategy and Risk Situation Countermeasure Corporate Chance Planning Risk 1.
Evaluate macro-economy, industry trends and emerging risks.
Keep interactions with stakeholders.
Enhance Regional conflicts have not slowed down company core competence and operation resilience 1.
Cooperate with customers to flexibly adjust production the sanctions imposed by countries 2.
Adjust manufacturing sites and business allocation, facilities and improve products and services value around the world, even impact global through business growth and merger to enhance the 2.
Convert local resources to be competitive advantages; Regional Politics commodities and energy prices, and market placement of non-Mainland China areas strengthen company global manufacturing service drag economic recovery from global 3.
Continue to enhance supply chain management and capability inflation to increase business and risk identification through corrective actions and 3.
Aggressively develop and build local suppliers' investment risks.
progress tracking to ensure supply chain resilience and capabilities to achieve a win-win situation sustainability and adjust purchasing strategies according to regionalization trend 1.
Develop local suppliers in response to the trend of regional supply chain.
Enhance global manufacturing Lose competitive edge from lacking layout through merger and strategic cooperations Through external competitive analysis and industrial countermeasures of short supply 2.
Continue to enhance automated processes to improve trends to understand the company's strengths and Competition chain, smart manufacturing, and green production and cost efficiency weakness.
Plan operation strategies and enhance technologies 3.
Develop company green product strategy, improve company's advantages to keep competitiveness.
product eco-design capabilities, promote low-carbon product design and upgrade energy efficiency 1.
Incorporate climate risks into the ERM process 1.
Continue to implement climate change and energy 2.
Identify short, medium, and long-term climate change management, water management, waste management risks and opportunities.
Assess risks and opportunities and air pollution prevention to help customers based on different climate scenarios produce energy-saving and carbon-reducing products Ignore sustainable operation threats Climate Change 3.
Set climate-related performance indicators and 2.
Formulate relevant mitigation plans and measures, from climate change risks.
quantitative targets; regularly track progress and accelerate the implementation of risk control and disclose to the public without concealing information climate change mitigation actions, strengthen our 4.
Set a long-term goal for Net-Zero Carbon Emissions in operating sustainability management capabilities, and 2040 move towards sustainable corporate development 42 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Cybersecurity Management Effective cybersecurity management is fundamental to all operations.
To ensure cybersecurity goal consensus, USI set up a 4.
Construct a safe and convenient information network committee to boost cybersecurity awareness.
The committee members are composed of the CIO, CFO, GISO, Vice Presidents or environment to protect employees from internal and Division heads level above.
The CIO reports to the Senior Vice President of the Administration Group.
Under the committee, there external cybersecurity threats.
are information security representatives who implement cybersecurity affairs.
Dtuang Wang, ASEH CISO (Chief of Information 5.
Establish a cybersecurity sustainability plan to ensure Security Officer), has role in the USI board and Information Security Steering Committee member.
He joins strategy meetings to business contingency.
reach cybersecurity targets.
The committee holds semi-annual meetings, cybersecurity representative reports the cybersecurity 6.
In-depth assess existing cybersecurity level and enhance status to committee management team and provides guidance for cybersecurity strategies and implementation.
the maturity of entire cybersecurity management.
Information Technology Cybersecurity Vision VP & CIO Strengthen employees' cybersecurity awareness Protect customers and USI's sensitive information Establish a holistic cybersecurity system and ensure Information Security Information Security Division its effectiveness Steering Committee Global Information Security Officer Ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information assets Security Identity Governance Security BISO BISO BISO Cybersecurity Advocacy and Training GRC and Administration Architecture & SOC Asia America EMEA USI has made an Information Security Policy and GRC (Governance/Risk/Compliance) established a Security Operation Center to increase SOC (Security Operation Center) cybersecurity protection.
Through regular announcement BISO (Business Information Security Officer) to improve employees' risk identification ability.
IT also irregularly practices Social Engineering (Phish Insight) to enhance employees' cybersecurity awareness.
The USI obtained ISO 27001 certification in 2020 and Zhangjiang Facility passed TISAX (Trusted Information Security Assessment IT Department spot-checks illegal use of software, any Exchange) certification in 2023, which provides excellent evidence about the maturity of cybersecurity governance.
illegal cases will be punished according to regulations.
Cybersecurity Goals USI arranges an online training course to strengthen employees' cybersecurity thinking.
All employees should USI's cybersecurity goals are to ensure the preservation of Confidentiality, Integrity, Availability and Compliance of the core systems take Cybersecurity courses and pass tests.
Cybersecurity engaged in business operations.
Additionally, quantitative goals are defined according to organization level and job function to ensure training completion rate was 100% in 2023.
the achievements of the Information Security Management System implementations and cybersecurity goals.
1.
Protect USI's important information assets, including USI and customer products, manufacturing blueprints and recipes, The company continues to steadily enhance resilience of R&D data, services, and maintain their confidentiality, integrity, and availability.
information security defense to provide reliable products 2.
Strengthen USI employees' awareness of the Company's and customer's information asset protection responsibilities.
and services for customers.
Until the end of 2023, USI had 3.
Ensure that the execution of all businesses complies with the requirements of relevant laws or regulations.
no major cybersecurity incidents.
43 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement GGrreeeenn PPrroodduuccttss aanndd IInnnnoovvaattiioonn As the industry leader, we focus on smart manufacturing and continuously improve our eco-design capabilities.
We promote low-carbon product designs, enhance energy efficiency, and advance smart manufacturing projects.
USI's Green Product (Clean Technology) Strategy of Modularization, Globalization, Diversification, Vertical Integration, and Smart Manufacturing aligns with the SDGs, addresses climate change, and aims to reduce energy resources.
% Meet International  ,  Green Standards Cumulative Number of Patents Assisted Obtaining  .
TWh EPEAT Silver Level Product Energy Efficiency CNY   Million  , Metric Tonnes Saved from CIP and Smart Carbon Reduced from Manufacturing Projects CIP Key Projects Key Stakeholders: Shareholders/Investors/Banks, Customers, Suppliers/Contractors SDGs 44 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Sustainable Issue Performance and Targets Material Issue Achieved Not Achieved Management Purpose KPI 2023 Target 2023 Performance Status 2024 Target 2028 Target Management Approach: Comply with green product regulations, engage in R&D innovation, and focus on patented technologies.
Set medium and Green Products & Innovation long-term goals for sustainable products to implement sustainable management actions.
Management Evaluation Mechanism:Sustainability technology and product R&D plans are established, and task force meetings are convened periodically to determine the achievement of each indicator and to review implementation performance.
Meet international safety, environmental, 100% shipped products 100% shipped products 100% shipped products 100% shipped products energy saving meet standards met standards meet standards meet standards standards More than 80% of Recyclable and reusable More than 80% of More than 80% of Ensure green products sold meet Sustainable mechanical components raw materials accounted mechanical components mechanical components various stakeholder demands and mechanical design use recyclable and for 90% of mechanical use recyclable and use recyclable and increase revenue and competitiveness reusable raw materials parts reusable raw materials reusable raw materials through continuous improvement Inventory 3 series Inventory 3 series Inventory 3 series Product carbon 100% completed footprint inventory (1) of product carbon (total 33 products) of product carbon of product carbon footprints footprints footprints Cumulative number of 1,527 patents 1,589 patents 1,616 patents 1,740 patents patents Management Approach: Automated Lights-Out Factory is introduced to increase efficiency, improve quality, and satisfy customer's delivery date.
Sustainable Production Continuous improvement plans are also promoted to optimize design, manufacturing, and energy saving as well as carbon reduction.
Evaluation Mechanism: Sustainable production targets are established, and taskforce meetings are convened periodically to review performance.
Introduced Industry Reach 2.60-Stars in Introduce Industry 4.0 Introduce Industry 4.0 Enhance corporate competitiveness Smart manufacturing (2) the Industry 4.0 5-Star 4.0 5-Star rating, and 5-Star rating, and reach 5-Star rating, and reach reached an average of through smart automation rating standard an average of 3.2-Stars an average of 4.28-Stars 2.62-Stars and encouraging employees to continuously improve Continuous Cost saved accounts for Cost saved accounted Cost saved accounts for Cost saved accounts for Improvement Program 0.21% of revenue for 0.27% of revenue 0.21% of revenue 0.21% of revenue Note: 1.
In response to environmental trends, increase the number of inventory series.
2.
Due to the expansion of the Company's scale and difference in the foundation of global manufacturing facilities, we have revised the star-rating rules.
The original goals set for 2023 are deferred to 2024, and relevant goals and plans are also adjusted accordingly.
45 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Green Products Green Products Vision USI has five product categories: Wireless Communication, Cloud & Storage, Industrial & In the long term, we will certify our 5G testing capabilities to provide the best-miniaturized Medical, Consumer, and Car Electronics.
Our vision for green products for the medium term antenna design for smart mobile devices.
We will apply this to computers, communication, lies in using miniaturization technology to vertically integrate SiP modules in our customers' wearable and industrial electronics, and electric vehicles.
Then integrate all product products, promoting low-carbon design, energy efficiency, and environmental impact reduction.
technologies to form an Internet of Things network.
With our green product clean technologies, Additionally, we are investing in developing electronic products for electric vehicles to reduce we will develop market opportunities for low carbon, low consumption, and low pollution CO emissions and mitigate pollution.
products to meet customer demands.
2 Green P Dr eo sid gu nc t M a n aI n gn eo v a ti Car Electron Ti elc es m atic s MiniaC tuo S rm ii zPm aW tu ii onr ne icle as tis o n Core ComS pt er ta et neg cey mo Market en n t ManS um faca tr ut ring Modularization N e e t v w Green r e m oo tti u A InV tee grt ri ac ta il o n Globalization S o nl ou it garo or tk S/ uolC Promise m u e & d E f fi ci eT e ns cti yn g O Pp rer oa dti uo cn tivity s n o C I n d Su os lt ur tia iol nMobD ili ev ersification R F & DA en st ie gn nna egarotS Industrial & Medical 46 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Green Products Management USI has been devoted to green management to pursue a harmonious coexistence of our environment and society.
To ensure our operations comply with international environmental protection Green Products Policy regulations and customers' standards, we have established good communication channels with our suppliers and customers and implemented preventive measures from the procurement of raw Product development and raw materials 100% meet materials to the customer-end after services.
The objective is to minimize negative environmental the requirements of customers and USI green product impacts from our products and production.
environmental protection regulations Following the strategies of green management and product eco-design, USI conducts annual third- Products must comply with international regulations party IECQ QC080000, ISO 14001, and ISO 14064-1 management systems audits and inventory.
Thus, and directives on hazardous substances USI can quickly respond to changes in international environmental protection laws.
In addition, USI integrates and stipulates Standards for Green Environmental Protection Products to control Product introduction of ecological design concept hazardous substances in electronic components and products.
And formulated our green product policy and four main aspects of green product eco-design.
Four Main Aspects of Green Product Eco-design Main Aspect Green Products Directive Requirement USI Design for Environment (DfE) RoHS (Restriction of Hazardous Substances) R EACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, Phase out the use of BFRs Hazardous Substances and Restriction of Chemicals) Low polluting Phase out the use of PVC Management Halogen-free parts and process requirements Non-toxic Use non-halogen materials B attery Directive and Packaging and Packaging Waste Directive Recyclable Reduce the number of tools used to take machines apart Recycling Management WEEE (Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment) Easy to take apart Increase the percentage of recyclable module designs Easy to process Introduce the labeling for recyclable plastics Energy saving Reduce the energy consumption of machinery in standby Resource saving ErP (Energy-related Product) and off mode Ecological Energy Design Reduced CEC (California Energy Commission) Increase the efficiency of energy conversion environmental Keep machinery in power-saving mode impact Improve the system's functions SiP (System in Package) Reduced size Miniaturization Design Reduce circuit complexity SOM (System on Module) Easy to integrate Reduce materials usage 47 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Green Supply Chain USI designs green products that meet global regulations based on the four aspects of green requiring suppliers to comply with the specifications and cooperate with implementing the product eco-design and constantly improves design capabilities so that products can meet Banned Substance Elimination Plan.
In addition, suppliers must provide Environmental Hazard current eco-friendly trends.
As a principle, we Eco-Design products in the planning stages Non-Use Declaration, material composition tables, and verification reports to ensure that of product development.
USI introduced the Green Parts Aggregations & Reporting System the purchased parts and materials are 100% in compliance with company specifications.
(GPARS), a professional green value chain management platform and a Green Parts (GP) Please refer to the Hazardous Substance Management section for other hazardous substance database to manage the materials we use in our products and whether they meet the latest requirements.
relevant requirements that include but are not limited to Hazardous Substance Free (HSF), RoHS, REACH (1), WEEE - Sustainable Raw Materials and USI Green Environmental Protection The trend toward sustainable green products is inevitable.
Industries could face upcoming challenges only by establishing a sustainable supply chain.
USI integrates upstream and Products Requirements.
downstream partners to generate maximum environmental benefits from the entire production In response to the increase in global green product regulations, customer expectations for process, including product design, material procurement, manufacturing, transportation, green product standards reduce the impact of raw material acquisition on the environment and packing, selling, and product recycling through a comprehensive and transparent management society.
Suppliers can refer to GPARS to learn about the latest green product specifications, system.
Our R&D, production, and quality assurance teams can also stay up to date on current conduct green parts certifications, track raw materials to Tier-1 suppliers' material composition standards for our products through GPARS and take necessary control measures.
The systematic list, and comply with USI Green Product Specifications (2) requirements.
For substances without management of our global green product supply chain helps us improve data accuracy, feasible substitutes at this stage, the Company has also formulated a Banned Substance strengthen cooperation with supply chain partners, and achieve a green supply chain.
Elimination Plan (3) and communicated this information to suppliers in the Annual Conferences, GPARS System API ERP   R&D   Procurement Manufacturing & Shipping USI GPARS Supply Chain Note: 1.
In response to the announcement of adding the 30th batch of 5 Substances of Very High Concern (SVHC), the REACH list has been extended to 240 substances.
2.
USI controls the MOAH (Mineral oil aromatic hydrocarbons, from 1 to 7 aromatic cycles) and MOSH (Mineral oil saturated hydrocarbons, from 16 to 35 aromatic cycles) and been defined in controlled substances list of Green Product Specification from 04/01/2024.
3.
The threshold for Tetrabromobisphenol-A and Medium-chain Chlorinated paraffins is below 1,000 ppm.
USI plans ban them from 01/01/2025 and ban their use according to the EU announcement date.
48 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Hazardous Substance Management We follow the IECQ QC080000 Hazardous Substances Process Management System standard substances and requirements, please refer to the Sustainability Data - Environmental G. Partial and establish green parts/material management and control procedures to meet HSF Selection of Restricted Environmentally Hazardous Substances Contained in Products table): standards.
The main management requirements are as follows (for a partial list of banned Directive/Controlled Control Requirements Substance RoHS directive was officially implemented on July 1, 2006.
It mainly regulates the material and technical standards of electronic and electrical products.
EU Directive - RoHS To protect human and environmental health, it prohibits the use of lead, mercury, cadmium, hexavalent chromium, PBB, PBDE, DEHP, BBP, DBP, and DIBP in electronic products.
(RoHS Directive includes (2011/65/EU) and Amendment Directive (EU) 2015/863).
REACH is a statutory ordinance that compulsory registration, evaluation, permitting, and monitoring of chemicals entering the EU market, which came into effect on June 1, 2007.
The bill raises the quality requirements and entry barriers for products from different countries and regions to enter the EU.
For SVHC in REACH, suppliers must confirm all provided components, non-BOM and packaging materials, and report back to USI via GPARS or questionnaire methods for any SVHC substances at/or above the 0.1% weight by weight (w/w) concentration.
For the current SVHC candidate list, please EU Directive - REACH visit ECHA.
The chemical substances restricted in REACH regulations are REACH Annex XVII hazardous substances.
USI requests suppliers to confirm all provided components, non-BOM and packaging materials, and ban the use of Annex XVII list of dangerous substances.
For detailed conditions of restriction, please refer to Annex XVII (amended directive) content.
For the current Annex XVII list, please visit ECHA.
California Proposition 65, officially known as the Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986, was enacted as a ballot initiative in November 1986.
The proposition protects the state's drinking water sources from being contaminated with chemicals known to cause cancer, birth defects or other California Proposition 65 reproductive harm, and requires businesses to inform Californians about exposure to such chemicals.
USI supplier must confirm all provided components, non-BOM and packaging materials, and report back to USI via GPARS or Questionnaire methods for any containing hazardous substances.
For the current Proposition 65 list, please visit OEHHA.
The TSCA is a U.S. law that was implemented by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in 1976.
The law regulates the introduction of new or existing chemicals.
The main goal is to evaluate and supervise new commercial chemicals before they enter the market, to regulate the chemicals that existed in 1976 and pose unreasonable risks to health or the environment and regulate the distribution and use of these chemicals.
Toxic Substances Control Act TSCA prohibits the production or import of chemicals that are not on the TSCA list or subject to exemptions.
Chemicals listed in TSCA are called Existing (TSCA) Chemicals, while chemicals not listed are called new chemicals.
Manufacturers must submit a pre-manufacturing notice to the EPA before manufacturing or importing new chemicals for commercial use.
USI suppliers must confirm and reply whether the materials provided contain hazardous substances controlled by TSCA through questionnaires.
For the current TSCA control list, please visit the EPA.
PFAS refers to any chemical substances containing at least one perfluorinated methyl group (-CF) or a perfluorinated methylene group (-CF-), and such 3 2 substances are equipped with the waterproof and oilproof characteristics while exhibiting excellent chemical resistance and thermal resistance.
They are widely used in adhesives, coating materials, inks, and plastic materials.
The carbon-fluorine bond is extremely strong and stable, and it cannot be Per-and Polyfluoroalkyl disintegrated by the environment, such that it may eventually become a permanent organic pollutant.
Substances (PFAS) The EU has announced the PFAS restriction proposal in 2023, and such proposal will be reviewed in 2024, and it is expected to be promulgated and implemented no later than 2025-2027.
USI suppliers must confirm all provided components, non-BOM and packaging materials, and report back to USI via GPARS or Questionnaire methods for any containing hazardous substances.
49 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Eight EPEAT Performance Categories For hazardous substance management and green product Conditions Required Optional management, USI adopts the following management procedure 1.
Reduction/Elimination of and follows the PDCA continuous improvement principle, to 3 8 Environmentally Sensitive Materials allow the GPARS platform to be maintained under the latest 2.
Material Selection 3 3 management requirement status.
3.
Design for End of Life 6 5 4.
Product Longevity/Life Extension 2 2 Collect 5.
Energy Conservation 1 3 customer Customers, satisfaction directives and 6.
End of Life Management 2 1 surveys on green regulations 7.
Corporate Performance 3 2 products requriements 8.
Packaging 3 4 Total 23 28 Outgoing control Business The conditions levels are below: (professional labeling management unit 1.
Gold-level products: must meet 23 required criteria and 75% optional criteria (above 21 items).
at to avoid confusion) e 2.
Silver-level products: must meet 23 required criteria and 50% optional criteria (above 14 items).
p e 3.
Bronze-level products: must meet 23 necessary conditions.
Manufacturing Purchasing/ TM GOLD First rule for hazardous substance: The first essential indicator to the reduction of use of (quality audit and Engineering unit training for Green (communicate environmental hazardous substance is to comply with the EU's RoHS standard.
The eight Environmental requirements to performance categories also specify the requirement that batteries must not contain more than at Protection Products suppliers and e Requirement) maintain GPARS 25mg of lead, cadmium, mercury, and plastic material, and except for wires and cables, the content p information) of polyvinyl chloride (PVC) is prohibited.
Furthermore, according to the 8th rule: the first essential e indicator for product packaging is to reduce and eliminate packaging materials with intentional TM SILVER addition of toxic substances, and the rule specifies that Pb+Cd+Hg+Cr6+ must be less than 100 ppm.
Eco Labels In comparison to traditional computer equipment, all EPEAT registered computer products have t a Green Electronics Council (GEC) developed the Electronic lower contents of lead, cadmium and mercury based on the factor of protection of human health pe Product Environmental Assessment Tool (EPEAT), and it is an and environment, and such products are more energy saving and facilitated for upgrade and e environmental performance assessment tool published by recycle/reuse.
Accordingly, they can reduce GHG emissions due to climate change.
For products TM BRONZE the U.S. EPA.
There are 51 stipulated standards, of which 23 registered by manufacturers in the EPEAT registry, it is necessary to provide solutions beneficial are required criteria and 28 are optional criteria to assess the to the environment and facilitating the recycle operation.
If a product is able to satisfy environmental performance related computer and display, imaging equipment, mobile phones, standards in each stage of its life cycle, it is able to receive the reward of bonus points.
network equipment, photovoltaic modules and inverters, In 2023, the Company assisted one of our customers to obtain the certification of silver medal grade for industrial tablet servers, and television products.
The EPEAT covers the full products, such that our customer was able to gain greater opportunities of product purchase agreements in the global market.
product life cycle from design, production, energy use and This is an example demonstrating USI's commitment to green design and development together with customers and suppliers.
product recycling conditions.
Furthermore, the Company will also continue to exert effort in the GHG emission reduction due to climate change.
50 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Product Compliance In the process of product design, USI is committed to meeting regulatory compliance ensure that our products comply with the relevant regulations and directives.
Furthermore, requirements, such as complying with region-specific sales market safety and regulatory we conduct product lifecycle inventory and eco-design evaluations, and publish product eco- requirements to avoid the production of products that pose a health and safety hazard to characteristics manual to comply with the EU ErP Directives.
USI also developed a Chemicals customers.
All suppliers are required to comply with the USI's Green Product Specification, and Management Procedure to assess and prevent risks that may arise whenever we introduce a the Company's products and operation system shall meet relevant international standards and new chemical into our production process as detailed in the Occupational Health and Safety the safety regulations of the respective regions where they are sold.
We stringently control section.
the use of raw materials for our products and use low-pollution and non-toxic raw materials to USI Products Compliance with Directives in 2023 Percentage of USI Products within the Directive Green Products  D ir ec ti ve  Aut Po om wo et ri v Ee le & c tI rn od nu is ct sr ial Int Se oll li ug te in ot n sC Po rn on de uc ct tiv sity MA od dv ua len c Me ad n L uo faw c- tC uo rs int g MinA id av tuan ric ze ad ti oM no Sb oile lu & ti on Spec Ei nfi ec r A gp y p Pl ric oa dt uio ctn s G (1r )een Visual Products (2) Products Products Products EU RoHS 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% Halogen Free (HF) 0% 12% 100% 87% 34% 93% China RoHS 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% Our products undergo rigorous design review, such as modeling various usage scenarios in the endangering human health and safety, and no product safety-related violations were found.
early stages and addressing regulation deficiencies to strengthen product safety standards.
With our Factory Inspection Mechanism (3), products are regularly audited by a third-party In addition, given the rapid development of the electric vehicle industry due to the global emphasis on sustainability and achieving net-zero emissions, we have also built-up relevant (ex.
UL, TUV, CCC) on a quarterly or annual basis to ensure product user safety and compliance testing and certification capabilities and a certification pipeline for electric vehicle charging with relevant laws, regulations, and ordinances internationally and where they are sold.
piles, to enable the company to respond to the trend of the electric vehicle market and provide Electronic system products with safety certifications are all tagged with safety warnings and customers with high-quality products that meet the requirements for health and safety.
equipped with operation manuals.
In 2023, we received zero complaints about products USI System Products Compliance with Safety Regulations in 2023 Percentage of Safety Regulations USI Products within the Regulations UL 62368-1 IEC 62368-1 CNS 14336.1 GB 4943.1 Intelligent Connectivity Solutions Product 84% 78% 50% 50% Note: 1.
This product belongs to the Global Sales & Service and Corporate Operations Development and North America Operation and Specific Application Green Energy Business Group.
2.
This product belongs to the Shenzhen/Huizhou and Kunshan Manufacturing Service and Visual Product Group.
3.
Factory Inspection Mechanism: a manufacturing factory that manufactures products which are labeled with safety regulations shall receive factory inspection (to be audited by an external certification unit) based on the request of a certification issuance unit to ensure that its products conform to safety regulations.
51 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Product Life Cycle Assessment Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) means systemically analyzing the environmental impacts of a Since 2017, USI has inventoried the carbon footprint data of one product series by using product or technology throughout its Cradle-to-Grave life cycle, from the acquisition and SimaPro, IPCC 2013 100a, and ReCiPe 2016 to calculate ISO 14067 product carbon footprint handling of raw materials, through manufacturing, transportation, sales, use and maintenance of and ISO 14045 eco-efficiency evaluations.
This is used to explore the impact and damage the product, to its final recycling or disposal.
Among different methodologies, the product carbon of products in 18 environmental aspects, analyze the environmental impact of products at footprint is a life cycle inventory of carbon emissions generated at each stage of a product, which various stages and seek hot spots for improvement, and calculate the product eco-efficiency is converted into the sum of CO equivalents, making the Product Carbon Footprint the best in terms of the value of the product or service and its impact on carbon emissions or the 2 example of a Simplified Life Cycle Assessment (SLCA).
Due to the variety of USI products offered, environment (1).
For example: about 85% of the carbon emissions come from raw materials and we have completed carbon footprint inventories for various products in phased stages.
We intend manufacturing processes.
We also found that there are opportunities to further identify action to inventory at least three product series' carbon footprints from 2023 to meet customer green items with development potential, including optimizing the optimal input quantity and cutting product needs.
To expand facility capabilities, we have shared relevant knowledge and experience ratio in the use of raw materials to reduce excess consumption; increasing the amount of raw of green product integration development low carbon materials with other facilities.
In 2023, all materials purchased locally to reduce distribution consumption; replacing aging machines to USI products completed environmental impact assessments, including full LCAs conducted by continuously save electricity in the manufacturing process; and cooperate with carbon inventory USI and our customers (12% of revenue), simplified LCAs based on ISO 14067 product carbon in the facility to analyze GHG reduction performance in the production and manufacturing, footprint verifications (0.1% of revenue), and other assessment methods that focuses on toxic while also promoting the use of 100% renewable energy in the manufacturing facility, please substances such as RoHS (87.9% of revenue).
refer to the Energy Management section.
This experience is further utilized to establish more product projects and a more complete carbon footprint inventory to reduce environmental impact, achieve product responsibility and consumption, and realize the concept of low carbon footprint products.
Product Carbon Footprint Inventory Performances Carbon Eco-efficiency Assessment/ Emissions Product Category Product Name Certificate / Inventory Report Footprint Environmental Footprint kg CO e/pcs   2   Consumer Clickshare Button 1.81 Clickshare Button Inventory Report Industrial, Automobile Electronic Industrial Tablet 49.20 Industrial Tablet Inventory Report Cloud and Storage Add-on Card (AOC) - 16.56 AOC Inventory Report Consumer LCD Drive X Board 4.00 X Board Certificate Consumer LCD Drive XC Board 9.20 XC Board Certificate Industrial, Automobile Electronic Digital Inkjet Printhead 31.07 Printhead Certificate Cloud and Storage USB-C Dock 290.36 USB-C Dock Certificate Cloud and Storage XnBay Smart Server 163.60 XnBay Certificate Communication 4G LTE Module 6.56 4G LTE Certificate Note: 1.
Eco Efficiency Product or Service Value Environmental Impact       52 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Promoting Green Design Since 2016, USI has been holding Technology Forums to cultivate and improve the design The Proportion of Green Product Revenue to USI's Overall Revenue capabilities of R&D personnel.
The forum covers new knowledge and internal applications in miniaturization/packaging technology, Wi-Fi technology, testing technology, reliability testing, (1) Green Product Category Percentage of Revenue in 2023 mechanism design, hardware design, and smart manufacturing.
R&D personnel or employees interested in related topics can converge and exchange latest technological application Communication Product 25.55% insights through this platform.
We have also expanded the forum from a one-day to a two-day event starting in 2020.
In 2023, we invited Dr. Ming Chang Lee from the National Tsing Hua Industrial & Automobile Electronic University to share Silicon Photonics Applications and Dr. Jeng-Ywan Jeng from the National 7.82% Product Taiwan University of Science and Technology to share Toward Direct Digital Manufacturing Using High Speed and Design for Additive Manufacturing and to provide advice on the development of Consumer Electronics & Cloud and 8.06% USI projects.
At the same time, USI has added an Intelligence Express column to our Newsletter Storage Product so that employees who are unable to attend the events can learn new technologies and applications in our regular publications or bulletins to enhance their technical knowledge.
Total 41.43% USI R&D personnel have ecological design capabilities and continue to implement green concepts and clean technology into their projects, which allows us to sell environmentally Performance of Eco-designed Products friendly products around the world.
According to the Design for Environment (DfE) operating procedures, USI not only considers potential environmental impacts in the design phase, Category 2020 2021 2022 2023 but also confirms product specifications with Project Managers and customers to meet the requirements of Energy Star and ErP, as to meet a range of environmental factors, such as WEEE Compliance Rate (2) 100% 100% 100% 100% material use, energy saving and CO reduction, efficient use of water resource, pollutant 2 emission, resource wasting and recyclability, in order to minimize negative impacts to our environment during the product life cycle.
RoHS Compliance Rate 100% 100% 100% 100% A green product with clean technology needs to comply with two or more green products Energy Efficiency 38.6% 45.9% 11.2% 2.5% ecological design standards to improve energy efficiency and reduce environmental pollution.
(Product Revenue Ratio) In 2023, revenue from cleaning-related technologies accounted for 41.43% of the overall revenue of the Company.
Under the positive impact of the mass production of new generation Electronic Waste Recycling of products and the low carbon trend, the overall revenue of green products was driven to 6.3% 5.2% 13.2% 11.9% (Product Revenue Ratio) increase by 16.86% from last year.
In addition, in response to the promotion of miniaturization technology of green product strategy, the ratio of eco-design increased by 9%, and among the Light and Compact recycle of electronic wastes, the total weight of material recycled and reused also increased by 41.6% 41.0% 58.0% 67.0% (Product Revenue Ratio) 16% from 2022, please refer to the Sustainability Data - Environmental F. Materials Recycled and Reused table.
In the future, we will continue to promote and invest in R&D to increase the The Proportion of Total proportion of clean technology and eco-design.
86.5% 92.1% 82.4% 81.4% Revenue Note: 1.
USI's product categories fall into five categories, and this section does not cover medical categories.
2.
Compliance Rate: proportion of products that are required to comply with specifications.
53 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement In our product energy saving evaluation, USI's eco-design USI's Green Design in 2023 products saved 7.1 TWh, equivalent to reducing 0.16 million metric tonnes of CO and accounting for 2.22% of USI's total Product Design 2 Key Features Performances revenue.
Aspect R educed raw material usage by a total of 456 kg in the annual shipment of miniaturized products.
Product Energy Efficiency Evaluation I n terms of optimal circuit design, Computer Aided Design (CAD) reports are used Choice of raw to optimize the layout of components and wiring, reducing the use of capacitive/ Product Category Energy Saving in 2023 materials or Miniaturization r M e osi ds uti lv ee s c izo em isp o ren de un ct es db y v iu ap a dto v a9 n% ce.
d manufacturing process, and the area is reduced (kWh) components design and reduction by approximately 13%.
that have waste I ntroduction of miniaturization process to increase the component mounting density, Consumer Electronics 21,843,000 a lower and the Printed Circuit Board (PCB) overall size is reduced by approximately 10%.
environmental T o prevent the quantity adjustment of static/discharge protection components of transition design, the quantity of components used is reduced by 25% in comparison footprint with the previous generation of products.
Cloud and Storage 4,324,796 Hazardous Substance 1 00% met RoHS environmental protection requirements.
Free management Industrial 716 S treamlined the product testing process and reduced testing lead time by up to 10%~28% to reduce energy consumption in the production line and energy saving Reduction energy 3,025 kWh.
consumption Direct T he products passed 2 phases test improvement and reduced testing lead time by up Automobile Electronics 7,082,108,284 operations, to 38%.
production & F acilities promote energy saving schemes, which saved a total of 3,187 MWh of manufacturing Manufacture CO 2 electricity and reduced CO 2 emissions by 2.4 million metric tonnes.
Total 7,108,276,796 reduction and W e plan to recycle as much water as possible via improvement of equipment and circular technology, the process water recycling rate of 64%; Water clean machine energy and water saving program of CIP saves 8,768 metric tonnes of water annually.
F oamed PE buffering material is replaced by the corrugated board design, and To intensify the promotion of green products, USI established Reduction the plastic approximately 2 metric tonnes of plastic material output can be saved annually.
the Green Design Innovation and Invention Patent Incentive Distribution, and packaging T he packaging quantity of each packaging carton is increased, and the use of bubble material wrap is eliminated, such that approximately 15% of packaging material consumption is System at the end of 2017.
We give weighted scores to storage, and saved.
green-related designs to encourage a green and innovative transportation Using recyclable and U SI recycled and reused about 40,000 plastic pallets, 9,000 wood pallets, 7 million corporate culture and facilitate green design proposals.
In reusable packaging trays, 170,000 partitions, and 380,000 recycling bins, reducing a total of 986 metric 2023, green products were designed based on the four main material tonnes of waste.
aspects of green product eco-design and four directions of Improve energy T he DC-DC conversion efficiency of the DC power supply of the server product is more green promise, the results of green-related design are shown efficiency than 90.5%.
Use phase - in the right table: operation and A ll internal power supplies complied with 80 Plus Titanium certification.
Energy efficiency 1 00% in compliance with the California Energy Commission Appliance Efficiency servicing/ regulations Regulations (CEC), European Commission's Eco-design Directive (EU ErP Lot 26) and maintenance the latest regulations of the EU Code of Conduct Tier-2 (CoC Tier-2).
Energy saving I n our product energy saving evaluation, eco-design products saved 7.1 TWh.
C ollaborated with customers and 100% met WEEE criteria in mechanical parts design.
End of life Meet WEEE criteria 9 99.6 metric tonnes of recyclable and reusable materials were used in USI's annual management shipments.
54 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Green Education Course Course Content Besides implementing the green management internally, USI made stakeholders further aware of the importance Quality Policy RoHS (EU) 2015/863 of environment protection and applied the correct Hazardous Substance GP Label in Production Line environmental concepts to various steps in production Hazardous Substance Management System Halogen-Free process (i.e., the product planning, raw material control Management System and GHG emission reduction).
We keep communicating with Requirements for Green Products Green Product Green Non-BOM Materials employees, suppliers and contractors regarding our EHS- Management System Engineering Change Request (ECR) associated principles, knowledge, and requirements.
Green Product Workflow Process The e-learning courses of green education were added to USI's internal training that informed the employees of GP- related regulations, requirements, operating procedures, and RoHS Requirement by Country WEEE eco-friendly materials.
In 2023, the total of all facilities' green REACH Halogen-Free (HF) Green Products Laws and education training was 10,970 hours.
Regulations Introduction EU Battery Directive CEC To meet customer requirements, USI is not only keen to EU Directive - PPW (1) ErP participate in international forums on carbon emission EU Directive - ELV (2) California Proposition 65 disclosure, but also carry out plans for energy conservation and carbon emission reduction, please refer to the Sustainability Management and Sustainable Supply Chain Development sections.
By instilling the green concepts at Green Products Manufacture, Green Manufacture Management Green Non-BOM Management internal training programs while drawing from external Non-BOM Material and Shipping RoHS (EU) 2015/863 Outgoing Management experiences, USI conveyed its green values and fulfilled the Control GP & HF Definition Green Promises.
Green Design Controlling Process Green Product Workflow Green Part Verification and Operating Standards and Regulations for Green Products Approval Note: 1.
PPW, Packaging and Packaging Waste 2.
ELV, End-of-life Vehicle 55 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Innovation Management USI realizes that innovation is the key for continuous growth and considers Intellectual Property In terms of patents, to encourage research, development, innovation, and enhance technology (IP) as one of our most important assets.
We not only treasure our own IP but also respect all and competitiveness, USI set up Patent Management and Incentive and regular R&D the IP around the world.
competitions.
After the project has been verified, employees that proposed the patents will be financially rewarded and publicly recognized.
According to the data, the number of patent Research and Patents proposals approved by the Patent Review Committee exceeded 130 annually, and a total of 171 proposals were filed and approved in 2023, among which there were 22 patent proposals of key IP is considered the responsibility of every employee.
We not only endeavor to lower the risk technologies.
Key technologies refer to patents in relation to SiP miniaturization technology, of infringement but also encourage internal innovation activities.
The Company provides electric vehicle technology and wireless equipment technology.
By the end of January 2024, the the greatest benefit to all our stakeholders through the most effective IP management and cumulative number of effective granted patents stood at 801, an increase of 61 over 2022, and devotes itself to creating an encouraging environment and management system to protect the cumulative number of approved patent applications reached 1,589, an increase of 6%.
The our IP.
Please refer to the IP Policy for details.
For years the Company has presented research patents obtained in the last four years are shown in the figure.
performances to the electronics industry through applying patents and international journals.
801 740 USI has 2,809 R&D employees, accounting for 12.21% of the employee population, increased 696 660 by 0.74% comparing with 2022, and invested CNY 1.807 billion, accounting for 2.97% (1) of the Annual Filed Application revenue in 2023.
The Company continues to cultivate and improve the ability of design and Annual Granted development personnel to maintain a stable and sustainable development in the intensity of Application research and development.
264 Accum.
Filed 216 165 173 123 139 Patent (Pending) 56 39 76 44 51 83 Accum.
Effective R&D Spending and Intensity Granted Patent 2020 2021 2022 2023 3.31 2.97 2.97 2.97 Furthermore, regarding USI's electronic manufacturing and service technologies patent portfolio, USI has been granted 386 patents in Mainland China, 266 patents in Taiwan, 125 patents in the U.S.A and 24 patents in other countries.
2.03 1.81 1.64 Percentage of Accumulated Effective Patents by Country 1.58 R&D Spending (in CNY Billion) 33% 16% R&D Intensity (%) 3% Mainland China 2020 2021 2022 2023 Taiwan 48% U.S.A Note: Other 1.
Please refer to page 30 of the 2023 Annual Report for detailed information.
56 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Sustainable Production In 2023, eight of the proposals involved green process designs and have passed internal patent USI actively introduces smart manufacturing through the automated lights-out factory project to review meetings.
The green process proposal is to increase the proportion of automated and streamline production quality and efficiency, meet customer demand, and continue optimization unmanned facility operations by reducing work hours, lowering labor costs, or improving of design, production, and energy efficiency through the Continuous Improvement Program.
efficiency to achieve energy and carbon savings in the process.
Please refer to the following table for details: Smart Manufacturing Facility Green Proposal Proposal Benefit Since 2015, USI has established Zhangjiang Facility as a model factory, and the name of Automation Development Division managed by the Zhangjiang Facility general manager An additional test socket is installed at the external of the test isolation chamber as the temporary storage area.
In addition, has been changed to Smart Manufacturing Development Division with the introduction of New shield box two nozzles of the rotating mechanism are further used to smart manufacturing.
In 2016, the Company further established the Information Automation design with Zhangjiang temporary storage suck the internal/external test socket of the isolation box Team (Industry 4.0) to further improve the function and scope of the Smart Manufacturing for position change.
During the sealed test of the isolation area Development Division.
Moreover, in 2021, the Division was further upgraded to Smart box, the robotic arm can perform parallel processing of the external module operation, increasing test efficiency.
Manufacturing Development Center, and the organization members were also expanded to Automatic material loading/unloading mechanism for DFU support and promote the 5-Star Lights-Out Factory development for all facilities worldwide.
test is developed.
During the test, automated arm is used The Smart Manufacturing Development Center completed the first WiFi SiP Module Test Lights- Panel Development to replace manual material loading/unloading operation to Out Factory of Zhangjiang Facility was completed in 2021.
In addition, the Company plans to Firmware Upgrade reduce manual operation and to reduce risks of picking and Zhangjiang upgrade four factories to Lights-Out Factories in 2025.
(DFU) automated placing.
Furthermore, jig status can be switched via manual test control, such that during low production capability period, the small jig quantity mode can be activated, to reduce energy USI's Smart Manufacturing Program has adopted the concept of Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) consumption.
and plans the development of the Industry 4.0 Smart Manufacturing Program in line with the A linkage mechanism capable of separating three layers of electronic manufacturing industry, and this is called the 5-Star Industry 4.0 Smart Manufacturing.
New PCB linkage Jinqiao separation PCB at once is developed to replace the single-layer PCB We have also formulated the 5-Star Factory Standard with reference to the industry, i.e. separation, in order to reduce the manual disengagement mechanical design more than 90% automation of machines, more than 90% of machine connection & real time time and the PCB scrap rate due to disengagement.
monitoring, and labor is less than 10%.
This plan sets out a phased development over the next The method of inspecting whether signal outlet is from the short Huizhou Check signal design side or corner of the solder pad is performed during the PCB five to ten years to increase the level of automation in USI facilities around the world.
layout design, to reduce manual operation and working hours.
Under the original 2D parallel design, it is adjusted to a In 2023, we successfully introduced 62 automated manufacturing projects (1), saving a total of vertical structure for the component arrangement, such that CNY 300 million in labor costs, with an average of 2.62-Star Facilities, including the highest level Three-dimensional Kunshan semiconductor the connection distance from the power IC to power inductor of automation at the 3.5-Star Zhangjiang Facility.
The Company plans to upgrade all facilities is shorter, and the parasitic inductance and resistance are also module with implementation of Industry 4.0 to 2-Star or 3-Star factories in 2028, such that the average smaller while the overall power efficiency design is improved, thereby reducing the PCB material and design space required.
class of facilities will reach 4.28-Star.
USI aims to implement Lights-Out Factory in all facilities For the PCB layout design, solder pad and through-hole worldwide, at least building one fully automated smart manufacturing production in each facility.
Check differential Nantou outlet differential signal automatic symmetry inspection is This demonstrates our determination to provide advanced manufacturing solutions capable of signaling design performed, to reduce manual operation and working hours.
satisfying global customer demands and creating better business results for shareholders and The method of inspecting whether other signal passes through Check differential investors.
the differential signal conduction hole is performed during the Nantou signal interference PCB layout design, to reduce manual operation and working design hours.
Module structure Substrates are changed from the traditional packaging process with solder joint Note: to High Density Interconnector (HDI) PCB, to improve the Nantou protection and 1.
The data includes Zhangjiang, Jinqiao, Huizhou, Kunshan, Nantou, Mexico, Vietnam, and Suzhou Facilities.
system function and to reduce the circuit complexity, thereby electromagnetic reducing the substrate cost, jig expense and lead time.
shielding 57 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Lights-Out Factory Roadmap 2018 - 2020 2022 2024 Smart SMT R ecipe Management A dvanced Planning & Equipment Management System Scheduling System System I n-line SPC/e-OCAP R emote Control Mobile System A uto Material Handling S MT IPC-CFX Data Back End Process System (AMHS) Automation Management System O ven Temperature D igital Twin Platform Warehouse Management Management System System F acility Monitor System Lights-Out Test Floor E lectrostatic Discharge Autonomous Mobile Auto Dispatching Monitor System Robot Platform Run-to-Run Control S urface Mount Technology N 2 Cabinet Data Fully Integrated ERP (SMT) Management System Automation E quipment Production SMT Gate Keeper Traceability System of P&P Backend Fault Detection F unction Test Auto Handler Classification Management System 2025 - 2028 2023 2021 USI's Industry 4.0 Automation Technology Automation equipment communication network that supports 5G and 4G A MHS/Auto Guide Vehicle based production workshop for Work- In-Progress transmission system F ully automated 6-sided product inspection system/unmanned testing workshops with fully automated robot arms R eal-time environmental monitoring and alarm system with remote access instrument boards A rtificial Intelligence is used for process control of key production equipment P roduction equipment data automation applications Pilot Lights-Out Factory Overall Dashboard 58 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Continuous Improvement Program Continuous Improvement Program (CIP) proposes improvement plans for the productivity, After the 2023 annual performance examined and approved by CRC, the actual tangible cost process, quality, efficiency, equipment, software, hardware, energy conservation and CO saving was CNY 108.7 million and the saving cost accounted for 0.27% of revenue.
Please refer 2 emission reduction, automation, safety, digital innovation, and have cost saving benefits.
to the figure for the details of each facility.
CIP Purpose CIP Performance by Facility B uild a platform to realize ideas and approve employees' endeavors Nantou Kunshan and awards 16.25 7.74 Mexico E ncourage employees devoting to continuous improvement 2.89 Vietnam E nhance teamwork and enterprise competitiveness Huizhou 3.91 11.13 CIP Performance % The cases proposed by each facility are reviewed by Site Review Committee (SRC) for their project results that including innovation and development capability, actual saving value attainment capability, technical application capability, standard operation capability, and Jinqiao 13.85 reproduction operation capability.
For the annual review meeting, the hosting unit selects Zhangjiang cases and submits to the Corporate Review Committee (CRC) Committee to review the 44.24 project content and effect of saving.
In addition, facilities are encouraged to replicate cases of outstanding implementation effect, to expand the positive outcome.
In the past year, 769 projects have been executed.
In addition, according to the statistics shown in the graph below, there are more than 300 new projects proposed annually in recent years.
The CIP annual performance reward includes the basic bonus and incentive (reward amount is determined based on the performance achievement status and the profit status of the facility), 458 and bonus is distributed according to the level of contribution of employees and the team on the continuous improvement activities.
The bonus provided to individual employees accounts 360 319 340 for 20%~70% of the total reward of the facility, and bonus coordinated and used accounts for 30%~80% of the total amount.
The Facility general manager makes comprehensive determination, followed by distributing bonus to project responsible persons (including the supervisors of the project-related business departments, and the employees of the support Case units).
The total bonus distributed was CNY 713,000.
In addition, the CIP Excellent Contribution Award is a global competition that includes a Case Category competition and a SMT Run Rate Improving Gains Award competition, in which the winning teams are awarded trophy and awarded a total of CNY 317,000 to winning employees for their efforts in continuous 2020 2021 2022 2023 improvement.
59 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement CIP Excellent Contribution Award In response to climate change, USI has included energy saving and carbon reduction as key project categories, set a corresponding scoring mechanism, and increased the quota of key project awards to promote relevant compelling green proposals.
In 2023, a total of 8 award-winning projects, among which there were 4 energy-saving and carbon reduction projects receiving awards, an increase of 2 projects from last year.
In addition, the total carbon reduction amount increased by 1,561 metric tonnes, an increase of 119%.
Such an outcome has demonstrated employees' increasing awareness on the climate change issue, and employees' joint effort in the reduction of environmental impact is prominent.
For the annual award-winning projects, please refer to the following table for details: Facility Rank Project Name Project Benefit Key Project Through the improvement of the facility system techniques and replacement of equipment with high energy efficiency, energy saving, and Near Zero-Carbon and Energy emission reduction is achieved along with the reduction of energy consumption expense.
This project received the honors of first group of Kunshan Gold Saving Technology Near Zero-Carbon Factory in Suzhou City and provisional Green Factory award, saving 130,000 kWh of electricity annually and reducing carbon emissions by 103 metric tonnes, with cumulative annual savings of CNY 1.30 million.
The original nitrogen production technique is improved (use of the technique of liquid nitrogen refilling and cryogenic air separation to extract nitrogen, such that the process requires shorter purification time, lower energy consumption and higher extraction rate), in order to reduce Zhangjiang Silver Expansion and Energy Saving the nitrogen production cost.
In addition, according to the nitrogen demand, excessive dry air is used for the Clean Dry Air (CDA) system, in Project of Nitrogen Station order to flexibly adjust gas resource, saving 3,000,960 kWh of electricity annually and reducing carbon emissions by 2,428 metric tonnes, with cumulative annual savings of CNY 1.79 million.
Energy Saving Improvement Two independent PCW systems are integrated into one system.
With the synergy effect of water supply pressure and the floor gravity water Jinqiao Bronze of Process Cooling Water pressure, water supply pressure can be reduced effectively, and the pressure relief of the drain valve is reduced, saving 501,600 kWh of (PCW) System electricity annually and reducing carbon emissions by 211 metric tonnes, with cumulative annual savings of CNY 0.41 million.
The Programmable Logic Controller (PLC) program of the water clean machine is set in such a way that if no product is received, the Water Clean Machine Energy workstation and air cooler are stopped from running, in order to save energy and water consumptions of the water clean machine, saving Zhangjiang Bronze and Water Saving Program 318,567 kWh of electricity annually, saving 8,768 metric tonnes of water annually and reducing carbon emissions by 135 metric tonnes, with cumulative annual savings of CNY 0.20 million.
Other Project A new cover lifting design for conveyor is developed, to prevent shielding and blocking during troubleshooting and to allow personnel to pick up boards easily during troubleshooting.
During the lifting of the cover, timer and alarm notification functions are provided.
In addition, self-fabricated lift and aerial carrier are installed for return flow, to reduce the operator carrier transportation time, to achieve automatic SMT Self-made Intelligent Kunshan Gold connection between the front and rear of the production line, and to reduce deformation during carrier picking and placing process, thereby Conveyor improving component mounting precision, achieving automatic board mounting unmanned production and increasing USI's automated production rate.
Furthermore, invention patents have also be granted in Mainland China and Taiwan, with cumulative annual savings of CNY 0.49 million.
Flexible Printed Circuit (FPC) pressing gold finger is used, and Charge-Coupled Device (CCD) automatic alignment and positioning is utilized, Silver In-Circuit Test (ICT) Automatic to perform ICT automatic material loading/unloading to replace the manual operation of board picking and placement.
In addition, connector Huizhou Test pint test is implemented to replace the manual plug/unplug of Flexible Flat Cable (FFC) operation, thereby increasing the test efficiency and reducing the test working hours, with cumulative annual savings of CNY 0.94 million.
Different from the manual attachment of reel and splice tape, automated equipment capable of performing automatic attachment of reel Implement Auto Combine Zhangjiang Bronze and splice tape machine is introduced, to increase production rate and to overcome the manual transportation issue, with cumulative annual Reel and Splice Tape Machine savings of CNY 0.40 million.
Through equipment parameter adjustment, optimization of water temperature and chain speed, and modification equipment hardware, large De-flux Machine Upgrade for Jinqiao Bronze size of nozzle and high-precision filter are adjusted and used, in order to increase production yield rate and product reliability while reducing Droplets Residue Issue Solving scrap of products at the same time, with cumulative annual savings of CNY 0.56 million.
60 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement VVaalluuee CChhaaiinn MMaannaaggeemmeenntt Facing the boundless development trend in the globe, good supply chain management can not only effectively lower production costs and enhance the quality of products to win more satisfaction, but also expand the company's business and social responsibility with partners to create a sustainable future.
Cases Customer Satisfaction Score Product Recalls  %   Supplier Partners Global Local Procurement Rate Participated in the Sustainable Value Chain Webinar  % New Suppliers   Metric Tonnes Passed Sustainability Waste Reduced in Collaboration Assessment with Suppliers SDGs Key Stakeholders: Customers, Suppliers/Contractors 61 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Sustainable Issue Performance and Targets Material Issue Achieved Not Achieved Management Purpose KPI 2023 Target 2023 Performance Status 2024 Target 2028 Target Management Approach: Manage and monitor customer satisfaction through surveys and feedback channels, gain insight and respond to customer expectations accurately, provide quality and diversified service solutions, and create a win-win situation with customers.
Customer Relations Evaluation Mechanism: Develop and implement improvement plans to enhance customer satisfaction through surveys and customer feedback systems.
Customer Customer Satisfaction Customer satisfaction Customer Satisfaction Customer Satisfaction Satisfaction Score Score reaches 84 score is 84.5 Score reaches 84 Score reaches 84 Meet customers' diverse needs and Zero product 0 product recalls 0 product recalls 0 product recalls 0 product recalls resolve customer feedback ensuring recalls continued business Customer 100% Customer 100% Customer 100% Customer 100% Customer feedback feedback resolution rate feedback resolution feedback resolution rate feedback resolution rate resolution rate Management Approach: Develop sustainable procurement policies around evaluating supplier environmental/social performance, avoiding purchasing conflict minerals, and advancing with our suppliers to lower operational risks and secure overall supply chain resilience.
Sustainable Supply Chain Evaluation Mechanism: Annually survey regional procurement amount, conduct a Conflict Minerals Reporting Template (CMRT) and Supplier Sustainability Assessment Questionnaire (SSAQ) survey on suppliers, and evaluate and track deficiencies based on the survey results to confirm the achievement and completion rate of various indicators.
Support local Global local Global local Global local Global local suppliers and procurement rate procurement rate was procurement maintains procurement maintains procurement reaches 40% 40% at least 43% at least 50% Percentage of Work with suppliers to create a target suppliers 100% Target suppliers 100% Target suppliers 100% Target suppliers 100% Target suppliers sustainable supply chain that protects completing the use conflict-free use conflict-free use conflict-free use conflict-free the environment, emphasizes corporate conflict-free minerals minerals minerals minerals social responsibility, enforces labor minerals survey rights, and ensures health and safety Percentage of Tier-1 Suppliers SSAQ Tier-1 Suppliers SSAQ Tier-1 Suppliers SSAQ Tier-1 suppliers SSAQ completion rate is completion rate reaches completion rate reaches completion rate reaches completing the 76% 75% 75% 75% SSAQ 62 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Product Value Chain USI is a global leader in electronic design and manufacturing, providing Design, Manufacturing, Miniaturization, Industrial Turnkey Service software, and hardware Solutions, as well as material procurement, logistics, and maintenance services for leading domestic and international brands.
We integrate our products and services into a Value Chain and provide a Turnkey Service (1) for our customers, as shown in the figures below: Material sourcing & RFQ Product Value Chain Supplier (2) Material planning & purchasing Customer Agent Contractor Inventory management Communication Consumer 5G SiP WiFi SiP Wearable Device LCD X-Y Board VMI hub management Smart Phone & Tablet WW No.
1 for Smart Phone WW No.
1 for TV, NB, Monitor & Tablet Watch, Wristband   RMA service Products & Market Positions Supplier management Industrial & Car & Medical Cloud & Storage System integrator relationship SHD & POS Power Module SSD & Array X-86 M/B & Docking WW No.
2 for Logistics & Car LED Lighting Enterprise & SMB Server/WS Warehousing Inverter Docking for NB Power Module Logistic arrangements xEV Powertrain PCBA & Box assembly Note: 1.
Turnkey Service is service integration.
2.
Material suppliers refers to suppliers of PCBs, substrates, active/passive components, other electromechanical components, mechanical components, packaging materials, and accessories.
63 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Customer Relations Since its inception, the Company has been providing professional services and quality products USI has a Quality Policy and a comprehensive quality management system certified with to meet the diversified needs of our customers.
We possess cutting-edge product development ISO 9001 and other international standards (please refer to the Management Systems and and manufacturing capabilities to provide customers with complete services from design to Certifications Table).
Through the PDCA cycle, we implement our Quality Policy, manage, and distribution and services spanning across global production locations.
Regarding technical and eliminate potential risks, conduct quality inspections, and strive to improve quality control in supporting logistics services, USI is committed to providing the most agile and fastest services our facilities worldwide to ensure customer satisfaction.
close to our customers.
Customer satisfaction is a core goal and value pursued by the Company.
Establish Management Confirm Scope of Quality and Service Program Management Construct Control method Risk Assessment To meet or exceed customer needs and expectations provides customers with high- Plan Do Execute Management Control of Confirmation stability, high-reliability, and cost-advantage products.
With the experience and technology Control of Selection Procedures Training and Publicity accumulation by working with top customers in the world for years, we integrate the three core technologies: computing, communications, and multimedia processing, and provide customers Execute Appropriate Risk Reassessment with the most complete solution for wireless communication products, computer and industrial Correction Records and Tracking applications, storage of products and servers, automotive and video products, and miniaturized Report on Implementation Act Check Review Results products.
Regular Audit Confirm Target Achieved Performance Evaluation Continuous Improvement Customer Complaints and Product Recalls Improving the performance of the All USI products are subject to our Quality Policy, and we pay special attention to products related quality control process with potential quality issues.
USI's R&D and engineering units are invited to discuss the treatment plans and cause analysis and the regular study meetings to continuously track the countermeasure effectiveness as well as to prevent from the repetition of defective products.
For the products with safety concerns or batch issues, the company establishes preventive measures to recall them right away.
The losses can be avoided, and customer lives, and Provides an Proven compliance efficient Quality with customer, properties can be protected from damage.
management regulatory process for Mission and/or other Regarding customer feedback, we established a system to log and respond to quality feedback management requirements rapidly.
Related personnel are immediately notified when there's feedback.
They then will analyze and propose the most effective solutions to the customers and take steps to prevent similar issues from arising again.
According to the Company's statistics, there were 13 customer complaints in 2023, with a 100% resolution rate and no product recalls.
Customer complaints were classified and analyzed according to the attributes of the complaints.
For issues related Continuous to design process, improper parts and inadequate training of operators, the Company has assessment and established improvement strategies, including design process change and improvement, improvement process and raw material quality control, and enhancement of trainings for operators to prevent re-occurrence of issues and to improve issues properly.
64 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Driving Up Customer Satisfaction Customer Privacy Protection USI offers a full range of services tailored to customer needs.
We communicate Confidential customer information and customer health and safety are always treated with the effectively with our customers worldwide and proactively collect valuable feedback highest priority as they are crucial assets for both parties and the basis for mutual trust.
USI commits and concerns through regular and ad hoc business meetings, customer scorecards, and to maintaining customer privacy and data confidentiality.
We set systems and procedures in place to satisfaction surveys to holistically understand and respond to customers' concerns.
In center customer privacy and data confidentiality as the foundation of all business contracts.
In addition response to the survey results, the relevant units within the Company hold discussion to signing confidentiality agreements with our customers to safeguard customers' proprietary and meetings and leverage customers' feedback, needs and suggestions to formulate viable confidential information, and require related units to observe confidentiality measures, we have also response strategies.
Furthermore, we communicate effectively, formulate improvement established privacy and personal information protection policies that serve as the basis for compliance plans and action plans, continuously track and monitor the improvement status, and management.
This includes managing the collection, processing, and use of personal information, and provide feedback to customers at any time to improve the quality of communication practicing privacy and personal information protection to ensure the rights and interests of all.
Please and customer satisfaction and strengthen the solid relationship with customers in order refer to the Business Ethics and Compliance section for our Privacy Policy.
to obtain their affirmation and long-term support and create a win-win scenario.
Regarding customer document management, the Company stipulates that all customer documents The 2023 Customer Satisfaction Survey (1) covers all customers, accounting for 100% of are defined to have the highest level of confidentiality to protect product information provided by USI's revenue.
Using 80% as a threshold target for satisfaction, 95% of customers are customers.
Document information shall be encrypted and stored in the Company's internal network satisfied with USI's services.
In addition, the overall customer satisfaction score averages system.
For information security management, USI's cybersecurity objectives are to ensure the out to 84.5 across all satisfaction dimensions.
In terms of individual satisfaction preservation of Confidentiality, Integrity, Availability, and Compliance of the core systems engaged dimensions, all the dimensions reached Successful or above.
USI strives to improve in business operations, establish information security standard management procedures and training customer satisfaction in all aspects to achieve a higher level of customer satisfaction courses to promote and implement information security policies through various management systems for sustainable corporate development and to maintain an annual goal of Successful or and management committees, strengthen information security environment and incident response higher, with the expectation of moving towards Excellent in customer satisfaction in the capabilities, and protect the Company's intellectual property and customer data from leaking or future.
unauthorized access.
Strengthen the information security environment and information security incident response capabilities and protect the Company's intellectual property and customer data from leakage or unauthorized access.
For details, please refer to the Cybersecurity Management section.
Quality Percentage of Satisfied Customers Customer Satisfaction Score Other Delivery Aspects of 84.5 Customer 95% Satisfaction 93% 93% 84.2 Service Technology 84.1 84.1 Green 86% Products Note: 1.
Definition of Customer Satisfaction Score: Outstanding (Satisfaction   90), Excellent (Satisfaction   85), Successful (Satisfaction   80), Satisfied (Satisfaction   70), Improvement Required (Satisfaction   60), Unacceptable 2020 2021 2022 2023 2020 2021 2022 2023 (Satisfaction < 60).
65 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Supply Chain Management 2023 was a challenging year with various global impacts of geopolitics, climate change, natural disasters, and inflation pressure, Development such that the response capability of enterprises and the resilience of global supply chain were under severe impact and of alternative challenges.
While facing such a changing and unstable situation, we still exerted joint effort together with the global partners material mechanisms to develop stable partnership with suppliers and to continuously improve the resilience of the overall supply chain.
To build a sustainable supply chain, we are adjusting our procurement strategy according to global industry trends and adopting various procurement strategies according to the major categories of raw materials to diversify our sources of supply to reduce risks and Emergency Material ensure competitive pricing, reasonable cost, accurate delivery, and sound quality.
In addition, we have identified five critical response shortage material categories for production: materials with unique characteristics, customized materials, or materials subject to market management review measures mechanisms supply constraints.
Critical To maintain operational efficiency and avoid supply chain disruptions, we established the following strategic procedures to Material Risk Management communicate and cooperate with our partners, driving a virtuous cycle.
Supply Chain Overview Inter-facility Purchase transfer and mechanism USI products are diverse and can be applied in many sectors.
Our raw material suppliers, including original manufacturers, agents, rebalancing from spot and distributors, are spread worldwide to meet our product demand.
We mainly procure active/passive components, substrates, mechanisms dealers mechanical components, and other peripherals.
Of our seven main manufacturing facilities, Zhangjiang Facilities mainly manufacture products for the biggest OEM customer, which makes up a substantial amount of transactions but procures relatively simple materials.
In 2023, we strategically centralized our procurement and traded with over 1,870 material suppliers worldwide.
(1) (2) Raw Material Supplier Categories Distribution of Raw Material Suppliers Transaction Amount at All Facilities 5% 21% 14% 2% 2% 1% 6% 41% 10% 14% 73% 42% 14% 1% 18% 4% 17% 7% 8% Mainland China Europe Mexico North America Zhangjiang Jinqiao Huizhou Kunshan Nantou Active Passive Mechnical PCB Others North America Southeast Asia Taiwan Mexico Vietnam Note: 1.
The percentages of the amount purchased are calculated according to 2.
The percentages of the purchase amount of each facility.
the supplier distribution regions.
66 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement (2) Local Procurement Significant Suppliers USI supports local suppliers.
This strategy not only facilitates the growth of the local economy and increases local employment To effectively manage suppliers, USI groups suppliers by tiers rates, but also effectively saves energy and time consumed in transportation, helping us to minimize the impact on our and significance.
Tier-1 Suppliers are selected through annual environment.
Therefore, our raw materials are primarily purchased from local or nearby suppliers.
In 2023, USI continued to procurement amounts and long-term partnerships.
Material proceed decentralized production sites and evaluate new suppliers and completed the development of a diversified sourcing suppliers (including direct, indirect, and packaging materials) solutions for raw materials, increasing the proportion of local procurement in Mainland China by 2% and by 1% in Mexico.
USI that we have traded with for two consecutive years and have established a new Vietnam Facility in 2021, and some production demands were transferred to the Vietnam Facility.
In addition, an annual purchase exceeding USD 200,000 are defined since the main suppliers were from Mainland China and Taiwan, the local procurement in Taiwan reduced by 4%.
as the scope of management.
According to the definition above, in 2023, there were 456 Tier-1 Suppliers.
Considering We divide our seven major manufacturing facilities in Zhangjiang, Jinqiao, Huizhou, Kunshan, Nantou, Mexico, and Vietnam developing suppliers' capabilities in the future, USI re- into four regions: Mainland China, Taiwan, Mexico, and Southeast Asia.
After combining the percentage of local sourcing for examined the definition of Critical Tier-1 Suppliers in 2023.
each facility, the overall rate of local sourcing decreased from 43% to 40% in 2023 due to geopolitical impacts.
Our strategic Suppliers for Critical Raw Materials with Low Replaceability procurement department will continue to strengthen the management of target suppliers and select local vendors with were winnowed from our Preferred Suppliers as Critical competitive advantages.
We will continue to develop local vendors with competitive advantages and aim to maintain a local Suppliers.
192 Critical Suppliers were identified using the procurement rate of at least 43% worldwide in 2024 to enhance the competitive advantage of the local industry and strengthen refined definition, thus reducing supplier management and the partnership with suppliers.
costs.
To effectively control supply chain risk and increase purchasing competitiveness, we enhanced the supervision and mentoring of Significant Suppliers.
A total of 207 P ercentage of Procurement from Local Global Local Procurement Rate Significant Suppliers were identified from the Tier-1 Suppliers.
(1) Suppliers at All Facilities For details regarding Supplier Screening, please refer to the Sustainability Data   Social I. Coverage and Progress of our Supplier Screening Program table.
43% 51 39% 40% 49 37% 43 43 38 Note: 32 1.
The percentages of the purchase amount of each facility.
30 29 28 35% 2.
Definition of Significant Suppliers include: I. Critical Tier-1 Suppliers: 30% 19 i. Top 85% of direct material procurement amount.
ii.
Indirect and packaging material suppliers with a procurement 12 3 4 22% amount of more than USD 1 million.
5 6 iii.
Suppliers for critical raw materials with low replaceability, such as printed circuit boards, semiconductor parts, mechanical parts, and 2020 2021 2022 2023 2020 2021 2022 2023 connectors.
Procurement Rate% II.
High Risk Suppliers: Suppliers with priority or other non-conformances regarding labor rights, health and safety, environment, sustainability, Southeast Asia Taiwan Mexico Mainland China Performance Target supply chain management or production safety violations that result in fines or shutdowns.
III.
Critical non-Tier 1 Suppliers: suppliers that supply Critical Tier-1 Suppliers or suppliers that supply 2 or more Tier-1 suppliers.
67 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Supplier Code of Conduct As the supply chain is the essential link of our value chain and an extension of USI's values, USI completed the reading; for other facilities, the establishment is expected to be completed in has established the Supplier Code of Conduct.
The Company also responds to the international 2024.
As part of our anti-corruption governance mechanism, USI has a dedicated whistleblower biodiversity trend and ecological system balanced co-existence and forest conservation.
mailbox where all stakeholders can report business integrity and ethics concerns (Please refer In 2023, the Company included biodiversity, zero deforestation and land conservation in the to the Business Ethics and Compliance section).
There were no reports of corruption or bribery code of conduct, such that the supply chain would be able to jointly reduce the impact of from suppliers in 2023.
business operations on the ecological environment and maintain the stability and balance of the global ecosystem, thereby achieving the long-term goal of Net Positive Impact (NPI) of Supply Chain Strategy biodiversity.
In the Code, suppliers are required to comply with the laws and regulations of the USI fully understands that the overall power of procurement is a unique resource.
To pursue countries in which they operate, as well as the requirements for business conduct in the areas sustainable growth while meeting the needs of our customers, in the Company's daily of labor, health and safety, the environment, ethics, and management systems and monitor procurement operations, in addition to cost and quality considerations, we have developed six their suppliers' compliance with the Code.
major supply chain strategies and evaluated the sustainability value of different projects such Through the Supplier Portal, we regularly promote the Code and have embedded a mechanism as supply chain diversity and sustainable procurement.
With the development and progress of for suppliers to annually acknowledge their understanding and compliance with USI's Supplier these projects, the Company shall continue to improve overall supply chain resilience, grow Code of Conduct.
In 2023, 100% of suppliers with transactions were advised of the Code to together with our suppliers, and implement sustainable procurement.
In all, we hope to create ensure continual compliance with relevant domestic and international regulations and anti- a mutually beneficial future for our customers, our company, and our suppliers by developing corruption and anti-competitive behavior requirements.
By the end of 2023, 887 suppliers have stable partnerships with them.
Supply Chain Management Strategy Sustainable Supply Chain Projects Supplier Financial Bringing in Second Recycling Pallet Recycling Risk Monitoring Sources Packaging Materials and Reuse Value-Oriented To obtain a To ensure the continuous To reduce material Collaborate with major Cooperate with local competitive overall operation of suppliers costs, strengthen processing vendors suppliers and reuse value in the supply and prevent the risk of supply resilience, foster and recycle packaging shipping pallets, Responsible chain.
Diversified material shortage due vertical integration materials, reducing raw reducing pallets Minerals Sourcing Sources to financial problems, of procurement, and material, energy, and used and subsequent To ensure that To maintain at Highlights we regularly review avoid serious material pollutant treatment environmental damage.
suppliers are using least two suppliers suppliers' financial shortage problems, USI is costs, and minimizing only responsibly for the same risks and identify establishing a substitute environmental impact.
sourced, conflict- material to ensure suppliers with potential material supply chain to free minerals in a continuous their products.
supply.
operational risks for improve the flexibility of control.
supply.
Strategic Cooperation The Procurement USI is actively developing In 2023, Huizhou, In 2023, Huizhou, To integrate Department collaborated competitive suppliers Kunshan, and Nantou Kunshan, and Nantou suppliers' with the Finance in the Mainland Facilities recycled Facilities recycled and resources and Quantitative/ Department and China market and 7 million trays, 170,000 reused 36,546 plastic Sustainable capabilities Qualitative monitored the financial recommending parts partitions, and 380,000 pallets and 9,315 Sourcing for greater Quality First risks of 59 suppliers on solutions to our recycling bins, reducing wood pallets and saved To raise suppliers' innovation.
To obtain the Results a semi-annual basis in customers.
Successful 986 metric tonnes of approximately CNY 7.11 economic, best quality 2023.
projects implemented in waste and saving million.
environmental and products and 2023 resulted in annual approximately CNY 48.84 social performance services from cost savings of CNY 11.4 million.
in sustainability.
suppliers.
million.
68 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Supplier Evaluation Following customer demands, procurement strategy, and future trends, USI has a system In addition, based on the quarterly supplier performance measurement results, USI invites select to evaluate potential suppliers for technical capability, quality, and productivity and select suppliers to participate in the Company's quarterly Executive Business Review (EBR) meetings, those that meet the requirements as our official suppliers.
A cross-departmental evaluation using a scorecard to score the four major components of price, delivery and cooperation, quality team would initially survey potential new suppliers' capacity by screening their basic company and ESG by the responsible units.
Through this channel of communication, USI can educate information, financials, product services, and primary customers and then assess their suppliers on the Company's sustainability policy and ESG strategy, gain insights into market quality, green product management, and sustainability through the SSAQ (including labor supply and demand and development trends, share experiences with each other, maintain close rights, health and safety, environmental protection, and other components).
The team would interaction with suppliers, and find long-term suppliers.
In 2023, A total of 25 EBR meetings rate the supplier on the survey report and present it to the Quality Review Board for final were held.
assessment and approval.
All new suppliers developed by USI are required to sign the Supplier's In addition to the supplier assessment process, in 2023 we trained 100% of our internal Commitment to Corporate Social Responsibilities and Supplier Code of Business Integrity along procurement staff and other employees in sustainability knowledge and awareness, with a total with the Purchasing Contract to ensure they will address and manage their environmental, of 448 employees participating 290 hours in the training sessions, to ensure that they understand labor, and human rights impacts.
In 2023, a total of 38 new suppliers were evaluated, and 95% the Company's Supplier ESG Program and instill ESG principles and knowledge into each passed the screening criteria to become qualified suppliers.
employee's role and implement their daily operations.
The Company follows the Supplier ESG Program to build strong relationships with suppliers and promote sustainability improvements Sustainable Supply Chain throughout the supply chain to reduce overall supply chain risk and simultaneously build With the UN's advocacy and worldwide trend in supply chain management, suppliers are resilience and capacity to respond to global climate change.
expected to meet environmental, social, and governance standards in addition to quality, Developing Sustainability Competency in 2023 delivery, and cost to create sustainable value with partners across the value chain.
The Supplier ESG Program is overseen by the Board to ensure policy alignment and implementation.
Authorized by the Board, the Strategy and Sustainability Committee, led by a Director, enforces decisions as the highest decision-making body, submitting outcomes to the Board annually for review.
SDG Sustainability RBA Code of Conflict Minerals Sustainable Supply Each year, through sustainability risk assessment and conflict minerals due diligence, written Trends Conduct Management Chain Training assessments and on-site audits or visits, we identify suppliers, evaluate their environmental impact, social responsibility and governance practices, and plan corrective measures for sustainability to ensure that suppliers continue to comply with our Supplier Code of Conduct, and implement sustainable supply chain responsibility management.
Supplier Sustainability Risk Management The Company has established the Supplier Performance Measurement Procedure, to conduct regular assessments based on supplier transaction amount.
The assessment results are divided To properly assess the sustainability risk of suppliers and ensure they comply with USI's into five levels, and according to the assessment regulations, the Company will reward those Supplier Code of Conduct, USI suppliers are required to sign a commitment to follow the Code who become outstanding suppliers with priority in acquiring new product contracting rights or and respond to USI's sustainability risk assessment questionnaire based on the RBA Code of increasing the order quantity.
If the supplier does not meet the expectations, the Company will Conduct framework, which covers five aspects: labor rights, health and safety, environmental request a Vendor Corrective Action Report (VCAR) and require the supplier to provide a reply protection, sustainability and risk management, and supply chain management.
These supplier and proof of improvement within one month.
If the supplier fails to meet the improvement risk assessments ensure their risks can be effectively reduced and controlled.
On-site audits requirements in the follow-up, the supplier's qualification will be suspended.
are conducted for suppliers that may have higher risks to gain a deeper understanding of their sustainability development status, implement effective supplier management, reduce risks, improve the overall efficiency of the supply chain, and strengthen the sustainable development of the supply chain.
69 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Sustainability Risk Assessment Process Supplier Screening Methodology for Suppliers Screening We proactively review and investigate all suppliers' countries/regions, their production Risk Investigation processes, and their respective product categories to conduct preliminary assessments of and Assessment suppliers and analyze potential risks.
Proactive supplier selection Risk assessment through supplier Country/location-specific risk: Depending on the supplier's location, it may be monitored Sustainability Compliance SSAQ responses as a high-risk country.
Minerals from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and neighboring High-risk supplier audits countries in Central Africa may lead to human rights violations and risks of environmental S uppliers sign the Corporate Social damage.
Responsibilities Commitment and Sector-specific risk: Suppliers of raw materials, labor agencies, contractors and field follow the USI' s Supplier Code service providers that provide labor, energy consumption, and manufacturing processes of Conduct modeled on the with special risks of pollution emissions in the manufacturing industry, as well as labor RBA Code of Conduct     agencies, contractors and field service providers who provide manpower.
Commodity-specific risk: Parts containing metals and hazardous materials are selected according to the classification of parts.
Validation Aspects of Suppliers Screening On-site/Online/Document Audit Environmental Social Governance Business relevance Improvement Supplier RBA Validated S upplier trainings & support Assessment Program (VAP) A ny fire, explosion, A ny violation of Any violation of Annual U ncompliant suppliers would Corrective action industrial accident labor, human the Company procurement have their transactions verification resulting in serious rights, and labor Act, Securities amount of injury, death, toxic health and safety and Exchange direct, indirect, reduced or eligibility suspended substance release related laws Act, information and packaging into the environment, and regulations security or other materials or property damage that results in network security Technical and A ny violation penalties or work incidents price advantages Before conducting a risk assessment of suppliers, the Company must first proactively conduct of applicable suspensions Productivity environmental ordered by satisfaction and supplier screening.
The company selects suppliers to be included in control by annual protection laws and competent cooperation procurement amount and identifies suppliers with potentially high risks in terms of governance, regulations, such as authorities environment and social as the basis for key management.
For supplier country analysis, please penalties or work refer to the Sustainability Data   Social J. Supplier Selection by Country table.
suspensions ordered by competent authorities 70 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Supplier Sustainability Risk Assessment To enhance the competitiveness of the overall supply chain and to ensure that suppliers fulfill their corporate social Distribution of Supplier Sustainability responsibility, every year, an audit task force is formed by the Human Resources and CSR departments.
The assessment scope Audit Findings includes five major aspects: labor, occupational health and safety, environment, ethics, and management system, and conducts written assessment and on-site audits of suppliers.
The company conducts SSAQ surveys for Tier-1 Suppliers.
In addition to asking suppliers to fill in related questionnaires, suppliers are also required to provide relevant management system certificates as 30% supporting evidence (e.g. ISO 14001, ISO 14064-1, ISO 45001, and ISO 27001), and the results of third-party risk assessments and audits by suppliers who have completed RBA VAP are also accepted.
A survey of 456 Tier-1 Suppliers was conducted in 2023, 45% 2% with a recovery rate of 76%.
For details regarding Supplier Assessment data, please refer to the Sustainability Data   Social K. Coverage and Progress of our Supplier Assessment Program table.
We analyzed suppliers' responses to the SSAQ and audited the suppliers with potentially high risks.
In 2023, we conducted on- 21% site and document audits of 65 material suppliers.
Suppliers with audit deficiencies were required to propose improvement plans and complete them within one month.
A follow-up review was then conducted, resulting in a 100% closure rate.
As a result, the suppliers were re-categorized as low-risk suppliers.
For details regarding Corrective Action Plans data, please refer to the 2% Sustainability Data   Social L. Coverage and Progress of Suppliers with Corrective Action Plans table.
In addition, for suppliers that did not respond to the questionnaire, we will conduct a sustainability risk investigation through the information publicly disclosed by the supplier.
We did not terminate relationships in 2023 after assessment and further analyzed the deficiency findings in supplier audits and found that of the five categories, 45% of findings were on health and safety.
The detailed results are shown Health and Safety Labor Ethic in the chart.
In 2024, we will continue to focus on health and safety improvements through counseling and advisory measures Management system Environment and will continue to assist suppliers with the RBA Code of Conduct and contribute to the improvement and enhancement of the supply chain business environment together with suppliers.
In addition, in 2023, we conducted on-site sustainability audits of 34 service contractors in each of our facilities to require contractors to comply with USI's Code of Conduct.
(1) Supplier Audit Findings and Corrective Actions RBA Category Major Non-conformance Findings Corrective Actions Classification S tatutory holidays, sick leave, marriage leave, maternity leave and parental Rules for statutory holidays, sick leave, marriage leave, maternity leave and leave fail to comply with regulatory requirements parental leave have been updated in the Employee Handbook A ttendance Management Regulations: Cumulative lateness/early leave, Attendance Management Regulations have been amended to delete the Wages and Benefits deduction of basic wage, full-attendance bonuses, and various allowances provision of relevant article E mployee Handbook: When an employee applies for resignation during the Labor Relevant rules in the Employee Handbook have been amended probation period, a training fee is deducted from the salary Employee recruitment has been increased, production personnel is coordinated, M onthly overtime hours exceed regulatory requirements and on-duty personnel are arranged reasonably Working Hours V iolated the principle of voluntary overtime work, and inadequate rules Overtime work management rules have been amended and announced publicly related to the protection of employee overtime works and rest time Note: 1.
Identify the first three main categories of the key audit deficiencies.
71 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement RBA Category Major Non-conformance Findings Corrective Actions Classification R ules for employees' resignation during probation period fails to comply Relevant rules in the Employee Handbook have been revised with the regulatory requirements Freely Chosen Labor The rules specified in the Notice of Job Acceptance have been amended, and Employment E mployees required to bear a portion of the on-board physical invoices can be used as the certificate for the expense reimbursement in full examination fee amount F ailed to wear protective equipment Employee training and field inspection patrol have been enhanced Occupational Safety R elevant protection rules for female employees during their pregnancy or New female employee protection management procedure has been breastfeeding period were incomplete independently established Obstacles have been removed immediately, and staff training and equipment F ire-fighting equipment blocked by objects and failure to conduct checks management are enhanced Health and Emergency Safety Preparedness E mergency response drill reports recorded in writing only, and no drill Drill report content has been revised, and photos are added to present the equipment preparation and emergency response staff protection status drill process were explained F ailed to post labels of hazards, emergencies and warnings Hazard warning labels have been reposted Health and Safety Communication C hemical labels and warnings failed to provide information in the native Labels have been posted in the native language of foreign employees, and language of foreign employees educational information is conveyed Hazardous W aste hazard disposal procedure incomplete, and labels failed to be Handling procedures and labels have been updated Substances updated Environment W aste buckets in the waste storage warehouse failed to be disposed Waste buckets have been disposed and pallets have been replaced Solid Waste timely, and pallets were damaged and unstable immediately Responsible N o conflict minerals management mechanism, procedure documents and Conflict minerals related procedures have been established Sourcing of Minerals internal training were established Ethics Protection of Employee Feedback Box failed to be installed in the area capable of Surveillance camera monitoring range has been reviewed, and the Employee Identity and Non- protecting the identity of employees Feedback Box has been relocated Retaliation F ailed to establish procedures for regulatory identification and customer Regulatory identification and customer requirement procedures have been Legal and Customer requirements established Requirements I dentification of the regulatory list was inadequate and failed to identify The list of laws and regulations has been updated, and the latest version is the latest version for compliance reviewed E mployee management procedure failed to provide the version written in Relevant documents have been translated immediately, and educational Management the native language of migrant workers information is provided to migrant workers System Communication Employee receipt form has been newly stipulated, the Employee Handbook E mployees failed to receive the Employee Handbook has been re-issued, and educational information is conveyed S OP failed to be updated and nonconforming with the current status SOP has been reviewed and updated immediately Documentation and Records L abor contracts failed to indicate official seal and date alternation was Contracts have been verified and re-signed with relevant employees found In addition, USI assesses suppliers to understand how much they prioritize human rights.
Based on suppliers' SSAQ response, sustainability reports, or public information, our 2023 supplier human rights assessment identified Freely Chosen Employment, Non-Discrimination/Non-Harassment, Industrial Hygiene, and Health and Safety Communication as the main human rights risk issues.
We also identified high risk suppliers and took corresponding measures to continuously track the effectiveness of their corrective actions.
We will continue to assist and counsel suppliers on human rights issues for suppliers who do not respond or disclose relevant information.
72 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Sustainable Supply Chain Development Supplier sustainability helps companies reduce their environmental footprint, risk and reputation, drive value by improving Supplier Human Rights Incident Mitigation efficiency and reducing costs, and build strong partnerships of mutual trust and respect to enhance overall sustainability.
USI and Remediation Measures considers suppliers as key partners and attaches great importance to communication and interaction with them.
Through supplier education and training, presentations, and technical/competency counseling, USI empowers suppliers to develop an awareness of Category Labor Health and Safety sustainability management to meet the ever-changing trends and enhance the overall sustainability of the supply chain.
Freely Chosen Sustainable Supply Chain Training Employment I ndustrial Hygiene Risk Issue Non- H ealth and Safety The Sustainable Supply Chain Webinar is an annual event held by USI for our suppliers.
In 2023, the Webinar for the Greater Discrimination/ Communication China region was held at the Nantou Facility.
Through the event, we communicated with suppliers around the world on our Non-Harassment ESG philosophy and implementation policy, which includes the continuous implementation of a sustainable supply chain, international environmental requirements, our requirements for a Supplier ESG Program and the sharing of future goals.
In Annual audits or RBA VAP to assess addition, we further invited our supplier partner Tripod Technology to share information on how to set up goals and to achieve suppliers' human rights risks through each implementation outcome in terms of the aspects of ESG with USI's partners, to establish outstanding corporate role model and facility to mitigate risks to learn and grow together with suppliers jointly.
Requiring suppliers to adopt corrective Mitigation measures for human rights risks and Furthermore, Tzu-Hao Chen, Senior Manager of PwC Sustainability Services was invited to share the topic on the "Challenges of Measure conduct follow-up on implementation Supply Chain GHG Scope 3 Under Net Zero", to cope with the global trend of low-carbon transformation policy.
As the demand Instilling the importance of human rights for ESG low-carbon products have been become an inevitable trend, the topic describes how to fight against climate change and in supplier labor through education and how enterprises may introduce low-carbon transformation policy to advance with the times and to achieve common prosperity training on sustainable supply chains to and growth with the society.
A total of 507 supplier partners attended this online sharing session, with a total of 1,014 training reduce risks in advance hours and 338 feedback questionnaires were received after the session, with Very Satisfied rating to USI.
Requiring suppliers to provide guidance New Technology/Product Presentation for Suppliers or compensation, or to implement policy changes or other measures for employees Through the Technology Forum, USI cultivates and enhances the capabilities of our R&D personnel, communicates new whose human rights have been violated technology applications across departments, and holds regular courses to exchange the latest technology applications Remediation If a high-risk supplier is identified, the and market dynamics with suppliers, so that the entire supply chain can keep abreast of the latest market information and Measure Company shall conduct on-site audits regulations, and establish a sustainable partnership.
In 2023, we held a total of 24 sessions with material suppliers to share and provide recommendations for information on new products and technologies.
improvement and require the vendor to submit improvement reports on a Supporting Suppliers with Improvement Actions regular basis to track the performance of continuous improvement The improvement of suppliers' ESG performance is a pivotal factor that affects the overall development of the Company.
Therefore, during the document/on-site assessments conducted on raw material suppliers and on-site service contractors, we counsel them on their deficiencies through online discussions or on-site face-to-face explanations.
For example: Establishment of management External grievance mechanism & reporting mailbox: procedure and education on prohibition of forced labor, addition of parental leave, periodic inspection of fire extinguishers in the for details, please refer to the Business Ethics and facility, posting of hazard warning labels, provision of personal protective equipment for wearing, and recommendations have Compliance section been provided to 65 suppliers for deficiency improvement.
In addition, pertaining to the written assessment of conflict minerals, written interviews and guidance were provided to 16 suppliers after reviewing the responses from suppliers, whereby incomplete questionnaire content or inadequate management processes and conflict mineral policies were identified.
In total, 81 suppliers were counseled in 2023.
73 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Supplier Capacity/Technology Development Program Supplier competency and technology development is an integral component of supplier management.
USI provides technical support and counseling to reduce operational risk and foster supplier development through various programs, allowing suppliers to understand USI's ESG-related requirements and establish sustainable partnerships.
Supplier Carbon Mentoring Program In response to the risks and impacts of global climate change and USI's Net-Zero pathway, to promote GHG reduction policies and encourage suppliers to adopt energy-saving and carbon-reducing measures.
Together, we aim to achieve set supplier carbon inventory targets and lay the foundation for future initiatives such as conducting carbon hotspot analysis and quantitative calculations for suppliers.
In April 2023, USI launched the Supplier Carbon Mentoring Program.
A dedicated team was assigned to train and assist suppliers in establishing GHG inventory management systems (ISO 14064-1) and calculating product carbon footprints (ISO 14067) to meet regulatory requirements.
Over the course of six months, both on-site and online training was provided to enhance the supply chain's ability to measure its carbon footprint and improve its competitiveness.
With our guidance, two suppliers obtained certification for their GHG inventory and product footprint in 2023, and the program has mentored four suppliers since 2022.
Supplier Product Technology Improvement Project USI adopts the project method to engage in innovative collaboration with suppliers, to improve the sustainable manufacturing technology capability of suppliers.
In 2023, we engaged in technology collaboration for more than half a year with two suppliers, and revised standard models to customized models, to protect the backlight module, to reduce failure rate and scrap rate while reducing the environmental impact and saving total cost at the same time.
Furthermore, we also engaged in three-party collaboration with the upstream integrated circuit suppliers and downstream customers, such that under the premise where the performance was not affected, low-power mode and technology were introduced, allowing power amplifiers to save 30% of power consumption and to save energy consumption.
USI aims to reduce manufacturing cost and to increase competitiveness via the project method, in order to satisfy diverse market demands.
Supply Chain Financing Program Since 2015, USI has offered flexible working or investment capital solutions for qualified suppliers with a proven track record of sound partnership and procurement amounts with USI.
This solution allows them to increase their quick ratio and stabilize their supply sources to meet sales growth and seasonal capital requirements, thus achieving economies of scale and improving ESG performance.
USI has established long-term, healthy partnerships with 15 suppliers through this program.
74 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Conflict Minerals Compliance Conflict Minerals refer specifically to tantalum, tin, tungsten, gold (collectively 3TG), and Conflict Minerals Management Process cobalt mined and traded illegally by local militias in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and neighboring countries through forced labor and abusive child labor.
As a member of ASEH Management system who joined the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI) in 2015, USI utilizes RMI's resources and guidance to make responsible choices regarding conflict minerals, protecting human rights and Conflict Minerals the environment through sustainable procurement, and achieving a conflict-free mineral supply Management Comply with USI conflict minerals sourcing policy chain.
Set corporate annual conflict minerals objectives Conflict Minerals Management To ensure that no conflict minerals are used during the manufacturing process of our products, Identify and assess risks USI has established the Conflict Minerals Procurement Management Policy according to the Reasonable ASEH policy and requests suppliers to purchase metals from non-conflict smelters or smelting Country of Origin Assess supplier CMRT reports facilities approved by independent third-party, to eliminate the use of any nonconforming metals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas (CAHRAs).
USI follows the Due Diligence Inquiry (RCOI) Request supplier conflict minerals representation Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected, and High-Risk Areas developed by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), We have further established the USI Supply Chain Policy for Responsible Sourcing of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas.
Respond to identified risks We guarantee to not support mineral sources obtained via any conduct seriously infringing Due Diligence Define supplier risk assessment criteria human rights and to not use conflict minerals.
We also actively enhance the supply chain risk (DD) Conduct supplier documents or on-site audit transfer plan.
Furthermore, we also establish a management system according to the five Support suppliers with management mechanism main frameworks described in the guidelines.
Based on the due diligence procedure in the frameworks, we identify, assess, respond, and mitigate supply chain risk, and we further design the Supplier Conflict Minerals Audit Form, such that through field/document audit, suppliers are guided to establish management mechanisms in compliance with the OECD due diligence.
Conduct third-party audits USI requires suppliers to source raw materials from Qualified Smelters Disclosed by RMI and to Independent sign and commit to comply with the conflict minerals procurement management policy of USI Private Sector to achieve the Company's conflict minerals-free supply chain and customer requirements.
Undergo annual IPSA Audit (IPSA) Report annually on due diligence Conflict Minerals Report Disclose annual conflict minerals reporting (CMR) 75 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Reasonable Country of Origin Inquiry (RCOI) Due Diligence (DD) The Company has established a conflict minerals management program to conduct a reasonable level of USI continues to promote conflict-free mineral sourcing into the supply chain by country-of-origin survey on target suppliers (1) every year to identify and confirm the source of 3TG, cobalt conducting supplier due diligence and requiring the use of qualified smelters.
In 2023, and mica in product bill of materials and component materials to confirm whether they are sourced a total of 219 target suppliers completed due diligence with 100% compliance with the from conflict mineral areas.
We deploy the GPARS system to collect CMRT and EMRT (Extended Minerals conflict-free minerals requirement; in addition to 3TG, we are progressively including Reporting Template) from our suppliers.
We consolidate this data with the latest published list of smelters more minerals from CAHRAs (e.g., cobalt and mica) in the survey, with a total of 175 provided by the RMI to verify and ensure that the smelters' sources are qualified.
If a supplier uses non- suppliers surveyed and disclosed for cobalt and mica.
We also shared our conflict qualified smelters, we follow the risk identification and management process along with three mitigation minerals policy and related requirements through our Sustainable Supply Chain Webinar options (mitigation for continued trading, temporary suspension of trading during mitigation period, sharing sessions and shared our future planning and promotion direction with our and non-mitigation resulting in the cessation of trading) to address the issue.
We require the supplier to suppliers.
immediately remove or replace such smelters from the supply chain.
In 2023, all target suppliers used Independent Private Sector Audit and Annual Report material from qualified smelters.
The geographical distribution of the analyzed 3TG smelters is as follows: the majority of smelters are located in Asia, with a secondary concentration in the Americas.
The Company is committed to complying with customer requirements regarding conflict minerals audits and management standards.
Every year, USI conducts an Risk Identification Management Process IPSA based on the results of due diligence investigations conducted on our suppliers.
Our target suppliers are verified to use qualified smelters and comply with the annual Qualified declaration of conflict-free minerals.
ASEH, the parent company of USI, is required to 3TG Parts PS ru op vp idli ee sr / SId me en lt ti efy r Smelter Case Closed file annually with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and Updates CMRT Risks its Annual Conflict Minerals Report, which covers USI and its subsidiaries.
For details, please refer to the USI website.
In 2023, the Nantou Facility obtained a Downstream Assessment Program (DAP) certification to strengthen our management of conflict Non-Qualified minerals and meet customer requirements and EU responsible mineral regulations (EU Smelter Regulation 2017/821).
Yes Risk No List High Risk Suppliers Mitigation and Evaluate to Risk Mitigation Options Risk Mitigation Continue Trading 100% 2020~2023 Conflict Minerals Compliant Target Suppliers Efforts Non-Feasible Future Plans 3TG Qualified Smelter Distribution Area 1.
Continue to conduct supplier assessment, and guide suppliers to establish 33 management mechanisms 2.
Optimize supplier management system to improve the management of smelter 1 information quality, while achieving customers' reporting requirements 5 3.
Set up a plan to investigate the sources of cobalt and mica to meet RMI and Asia Responsible Minerals Assurance Process (RMAP) standards 147 Europe 4.
Communicate USI's management and investigation requirements through supplier 44 conferences Oceania 5.
Obtain DAP certification for all facilities Africa Note: Americas 1.
Target suppliers are the top 90% of suppliers according to the annual purchase amount and the suppliers for the top customer of the year.
76 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement EEnnvviirroonnmmeennttaall PPrrootteeccttiioonn aanndd OOccccuuppaattiioonnaall SSaaffeettyy With an emphasis on environmental protection, USI takes aggressive measures against climate change.
We look forward to considering environmental protection as well as achieving environmental sustainability while pursuing high quality products and services.
In addition, we are committed to promoting a culture of occupational safety and health and providing a quality working environment for our employees.
%   % Renewable Energy Use in Mainland Non-hazardous Waste China, Mexico, and Vietnam Facilities Recycling Rate  ,  MWh   Cases Renewable Energy Produced Contractor Occupational through Solar Panels Injuries CNY   Million  ,  Participants Invested in Environmental Protection Attended Health Promotion Activities SDGs / / /  Ke y S ta ke ho ld er s:  Sh ar ehol de rs/ Inve st ors /B an ks , E m pl oyee s,  Su pp lie rs /Contractors, Governments SDGs 7777 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Sustainable Issue Performance and Targets Material Issue Achieved Not Achieved Management Purpose KPI 2023 Target 2023 Performance Status 2024 Target 2028 Target Management Approach: Establish ISO 45001 OHS management systems, regularly inspect and review work processes, and implement the PDCA Occupational Health & Safety cycle to raise awareness, assess risks, and ensure the health and safety of all workers in the workplace.
Evaluation Mechanism: M onthly/quarterly/yearly tracking of management indicators through the Safety and Health Production Committee.
Obtain/maintain Maintained ISO 45001 Obtain/maintain ISO Obtain/maintain ISO Obtain/maintain ISO ISO 45001 certification in all major 45001 certification in all 45001 certification in all 45001 certification certification facilities major facilities major facilities Major occupational No major occupational No major occupational No major occupational No major occupational Promote OHS culture and enhance risk disease incidences diseases diseases diseases diseases management, injury prevention, and emergency response capabilities to Major create a safe workplace for all workers No major occupational No major occupational No major occupational No major occupational occupational injury incidences (1) injuries injuries injuries injuries Major infectious No major infectious No major infectious No major infectious No major infectious disease incidences diseases diseases diseases diseases Management Approach: Introduce ISO 14064-1 to all facilities and annually conduct GHG inventory to manage related emissions and work Climate Strategy towards reaching the 2040 Net Zero Carbon Emissions goal.
Evaluation Mechanism: A nnual review of facility GHG emissions to ensure ISO 14064-1 certification.
Obtain ISO 14064-1 Obtain ISO 14064-1 Obtain ISO 14064-1 Obtain ISO 14064-1 Obtain ISO 14064-1 certification for all major certification for all major certification certification certification facilities facilities Monitor and reduce GHG emissions as GHG Scope 1 & 2 17.5% decrease from 79% decrease from 20% decrease from 30% decrease from part of the Low Carbon strategy absolute emissions 2016 2016 2016 2016 GHG Scope 3 4.5% decrease from 53% decrease from 6% decrease from 12% decrease from absolute emissions 2020 2020 2020 2020 Note: 1.
Number of occupational injury deaths.
78 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Sustainable Issue Performance and Targets Material Issue Achieved Not Achieved Management Purpose KPI 2023 Target 2023 Performance Status 2024 Target 2028 Target Management Approach: Establish ISO 50001 energy management systems to improve energy efficiency and reduce the risk of changes in energy supply, cost, and demand, enhancing business sustainability.
Energy Management Evaluation Mechanism: Annual review of regulations and site energy consumption ratios to propose energy saving improvement projects and ensure energy intensity performance.
Improve energy efficiency and reduce 8% decrease from 31% decrease from 9% decrease from 13% decrease from Electricity intensity energy costs 2015 2015 2015 2015 Management Approach: Comply with local waste management regulations, implement waste separation and reduction, continuously review and Waste Management reduce the total amount of waste.
Evaluation Mechanism: M onthly review of waste types and total amount of waste on site and confirm no violation of regulations.
Hazardous waste 1% decrease from the 8.6% decrease from the 1% decrease from the 1% decrease from the generation previous year previous year previous year previous year Reduce waste generation and disposal intensity costs through effective recycling and reuse of resources Non-hazardous waste Non-hazardous waste Non-hazardous waste Non-hazardous waste Non-hazardous recycling rate reaches recycling rate reaches recycling rate reaches recycling rate reaches waste recycling rate 90% 91.5% 90% 90% Air Pollution Control Reduce facility air pollution emissions Air pollution No significant air No significant air No significant air No significant air and improve air quality violations pollution violations (1) pollution violations pollution violations pollution violations Water Management Increase process water recovery rate to 8% decrease from 19.8% decrease from 9% decrease from 13% decrease from Water intensity reduce water demand and risks 2015 2015 2015 2015 Note: 1.
The definition of significant fine or penalty is sanctions over USD 10,000 (CNY 70,000).
79 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Nature, Climate Change and Carbon Management USI integrates the environment sustainable development principle with business decision- making and operation management, and the Board of Directors and senior officers take up the management responsibility and consider the recommendations and expectations of all stakeholders to establish corresponding management policies.
In accordance with relevant The Strategy and Sustainability management systems of ISO 14001, ISO 50001, and ISO 14064-1 (please refer to the Set quantitative climate and Committee is the highest Management Systems and Certifications Table), the Company's internal management procedures nature-related performance organizational unit responsible are established.
In addition, education and training activities have been implemented for the indicators and targets, track 1 for managing USI's sustainable internal employees of the Company, and the total number of hours of relevant training activities progress, and publicly disclose development.
It annually results.
prepares a Sustainability Report has reached approximately 2,299 hours.
Internal employees' awareness of environmental Set a long-term goal of Net covering nature and climate- protection are trained, and material environmental consideration items are identified continuously, Zero Carbon Emissions by related issues for the Board to Governance such as air pollution, water pollution, wastes, toxic chemicals, noise pollution, soil pollution and 2040.
review.
energy resources are improved.
We are committed to improving and reducing the negative impact Set long-term goals for No of business operations on the environment.
Furthermore, we also publicly disclose the Company's Deforestation and Net Positive Impact environmental information and fulfill corporate environmental responsibilities.
by 2050.
USI has established the EHS & Energy Policy and upholds the principle of "Legal Compliance, Metrics Response to Environmental Protection" to use the internal resources of the Company reasonably and and to create an eco-friendly, healthy, and safe working environment.
The Company continues 4 Targets TCFD/TNFD to cooperate with local environmental protection departments and actively participates in Framework environmental improvement related seminars and meetings.
For recommendations or complaints Strategy 2 filed by stakeholders, the Company has set up a telephone direct line and e-mail to receive such recommendations and complaints.
In 2023, USI has not received any environment-related complaints and has not violated any environmental protection related laws and regulations, and Nature and climate risks are there has been no environmental pollution incident.
In addition, in the last four years, USI has not been sanctioned for major fines or penalties (1) due to environmental or ecology-related violations.
incorporated into the ERM Identify short, medium, management process.
Risk and long-term risks and Collaborate across Management opportunities related Climate Strategy and Nature Risk Management departments to identify to nature/climate climate and nature-related dependencies and their The global warming caused by GHG emissions over the years has exposed the world economy to risks and opportunities, impacts.
significant risks and has threatened many businesses around the world.
Accordingly, stakeholders assess financial impacts, 3 Assess risks and have started to pay attention to climate-related risks and opportunities.
The Company also and develop mitigation and opportunities based supports and responds to the goal of the Paris Agreement and has explicitly disclosed the risks and adaptation methods.
on different climate opportunities faced by the Company due to climate change and related to the nature according to scenarios.
the TCFD and TNFD frameworks, thereby proposing corresponding strategies and measures.
Please refer to the 2023 Climate and Nature Risk Management Report for further information in detail.
The USI Sustainability Committee is the dedicated unit for climate change related management to understand and analyze sustainable development topics related to the Company according to various domestic and foreign sustainable development and climate change related international Note: initiative activities.
1.
The definition of significant fine or penalty is sanctions over USD 10,000 (CNY 70,000).
80 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Net Zero Carbon Emission Targets ASEH had their GHG emissions reduction targets validated by the Science Based Targets We are presenting our efforts and results in response to climate change through a systematic initiative (SBTi) in 2021.
Therefore, we follow our parent company's GHG reduction goals, and disclosure framework, further raising awareness of climate crisis, formulating relevant plan to obtain quality carbon credit progressively by 2037 to offset the remaining carbon mitigation plans and measures, accelerating the implementation of risk control and climate emissions to reach the goal of net zero carbon emissions by 2040.
We continue to implement change mitigation actions, strengthening our operating sustainability management capabilities, climate change and energy management, water management, waste management and air and moving towards sustainable corporate development.
pollution prevention to help customers produce energy-saving and carbon-reducing products.
Net Zero Carbon Emissions Roadmap 2030 2037 2035 2025 CO  CO  2040 CO  CO  Accomplish SBT Targets Carbon Credits  Reduce Absolute Scope 1 & 2 Investment CO  Complete GHG Inventory in GHG Emissions by 35% 100% Upstream and Net Zero Carbon All Sites (Base Year: 2016) 100% Renewable Energy in Downstream Low-Carbon Emissions 85% Renewable Energy in Reduce Absolute Scope 3 GHG Operations Transportation   Operations Emissions by 15% 100% On-Site Low-Carbon 100% Low-Carbon Key Set Internal Carbon Pricing (Base Year: 2020) Transportation Materials Carbon Management USI continues its GHG reduction policy.
We initiated our first GHG emissions inventory in 2007 Climate change has impacted USI operations.
Our Mainland China, Mexico and Vietnam according to ISO 14064-1.
Then we expanded our scope in 2010 to encompass our worldwide Facilities are using 100% renewable energy (I-REC, please refer to the Renewable Energy production bases and the results were verified by a third-party institution to establish USI section for details).
In addition, Zhangjiang and Jinqiao Facilities have also initiated carbon inventory benchmark data.
Since the initial inventory of GHG Scope 3 emissions of Nantou quota management in accordance with local regulations.
Cap and trade system for GHG and Facility in 2018, we fully inventoried Mainland China Facilities the next year.
In 2020, a more possible energy or carbon taxes are issues USI is always paying attention to.
In addition to the comprehensive and in-depth inventory was conducted.
In 2017, we also started to conduct continuous efforts in energy efficiency improvement, the promotion of Green Promise and the product carbon footprint inventory and disclosed relevant information in compliance with environmental protection measures will be in facilities to minimize risks from climate change.
international regulations, initiatives, and customers' requirements.
USI collaborates with ASEH on the CDP and SBT to set carbon reduction targets and implement related actions.
81 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Greenhouse Gas Emissions In 2023, USI's total GHG emissions were 207,835.48 metric tonnes of COe (Scope 1 & 2), with in emissions, the Company's overall revenue was lower than the previous year, resulting in a 2 13,061 metric tonnes of COe reduction from 2022.
Scope 1 includes 5,281.02 metric tonnes relative increase in emissions intensity per million CNY of turnover.
Efforts to improve energy 2 of COe in direct GHG emissions and 15.79 metric tonnes of COe in land-use GHG removals, efficiency and reduce costs will continue.
The breakdown of GHG emissions is shown in the 2 2 totaling 5,265.23 metric tonnes of Scope 1 emissions.
The GHG emissions intensity was 3.89 following figures: metric tonnes of COe, an increase of 0.17 metric tonnes from 2022.
Despite the decrease 2 (1~5) The Ratio of Scope 1 to Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Intensity 6.24 5.86 5.31 4.85 4.48 4.02 4.13 3.89 3.72 Fixed Burning Emission 0.8% Mobile Burning Scope 2 Scope 1 Emission 97.5% 2.5% 0.1% 215,510.73 201,538.85 184,225.84 202,570.24 Fugitive 168,730.49 Emission 151,993.76 149,881.38 1.6% 142,043.16 148,201.93 8,017.46 8,057.25 7,853.69 7,024.93 8,438.83 6,802.39 4,592.71 5,385.74 5,265.23 Note: 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 1.
The data presented came from the ISO 14064-1 inventory results, rounded to the 2nd decimal place.
2.
The data organization boundary is summarized by the operation control method.
GHG Emissions - Scope 1 (metric tonnes COe) GHG Emissions - Scope 2 (metric tonnes COe) 2 2 3.
The significant threshold is set at 3%, and the substantial threshold is set at 5%.
4.
GHG emissions includes various categories such as CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, NF3, and SF6.
GHG (Scope 1+Scope 2) Intensity (metric tonnes/M CNY) 5.
GWP value adopts the IPCC Sixth Assessment Report (2021).
82 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Energy Management Indirect Greenhouse Gas Emissions Of all USI GHG emissions, about 96.9% comes from electricity consumption.
Thus, the key to reducing carbon emissions is to save power, making maximum efforts for electricity efficiency.
Accordingly, USI continued to promote the GHG inspection (ISO 14064-1).
Following the introduction of the the Company invests in R&D as well as energy saving and carbon reduction activities and purchases Scope 3 inspection at Nantou Facility in 2018, in 2020 we began to conduct 15 categories of Renewable Energy Certificate (REC) to offset GHG emissions.
To reduce energy consumption in significant identification and inventory of upstream and downstream activities in Scope 3, the operational activities and product processes and save costs, the external power supply unit with low results of which were verified by a third-party verification unit as follows: energy consumption will be selected in priority when the products are designed, as well as the tests will be evaluated to ensure the products can meet the requirements of environmental protection.
(1) Indirect Greenhouse Gas Emissions USI establishes an energy management system and procedure according to ISO 50001, relevant Unit: metric tonnes COe 2 units of manufacturing process/factory affairs and environmental safety and health implement training and communication as well as collect energy consumption data.
We conduct annual external Category Description Greenhouse Gas Emissions training for energy management personnel to enhance their ability to research and utilize energy 1 Purchased goods and services 6,838,088.66 conservation knowledge.
We also plan to invest internal resources to implement relevant energy conservation projects.
Performances before and after energy improvement are compared, and risks 2 Capital goods 41,538.36 and opportunities related to significant energy consumption are identified to determine major energy 3 Fuel and energy related activities 16,149.55 consumption items for energy-saving improvement.
Different energy saving improvement plans will 4 Upstream transportation and distribution 88,896.98 be executed for air conditionings, lighting equipment and heavy-energy consumption facilities in all facilities as well, continuously reducing energy consumption, such as variable-frequency control, 5 Waste generated in operations 820.60 seasonable adjustment of air-conditioning temperature, replacement of old equipment, monitoring 6 Business travel 621.27 and management of electricity bill.
7 Employee commuting 10,128.89 The total energy consumption of USI in 2023 was 1,076,169.2 gigajoules, a decrease of 19,504.1 gigajoules from 2022.
Mainly due to the decrease in the overall revenue in 2023 as compared to the 8 Upstream leased assets 2,465.08 previous year and the decrease in energy consumption required for the operation and manufacturing.
9 Downstream transportation and distribution 32,826.53 Based on the turnover, the electricity intensity in 2023 is 20.2 (Gigajoules per million CNY) an increase 10 Processing of sold products N/A(2) of 1.7 (Gigajoules per million CNY) compared to 2022, and a decrease of 30.8% when compared to the 11 Use of sold products N/A base year of 2015, when the electricity intensity was 29.1 (Gigajoules per million CNY).
12 End-of-life treatment of sold products N/A In terms of energy saving, there were 13 major energy saving schemes, which saved a total of 13 Downstream leased assets N/A 3,187 MWh of electricity and reduced carbon dioxide emissions by 2,360.5 metric tonnes.
The total investment is CNY 1,326,652, and the annual cost saving is CNY 6,027,812.
The detailed results are 14 Franchises N/A shown in the following chart: 15 Investments 844,182.71 (3) Energy Consumption Unit: GJ Total 7,875,718.63 C a t e g o r y Direct Energy Consumption Indirect Energy Note: Consumption Total Energy 1.
The data presented came from the ISO 14064-1 inventory results, rounded to the 2nd decimal place, converted to Natural Gas/ Consumption the GHG Protocol for disclosure.
Year Diesel Gasoline Liquid Petrol Gas Electricity 2.
N/A: Non-significant after assessment of the indirect emissions materiality criteria in accordance with ISO 14064-1 2023 1,225.2 2,277.3 30,110.9 1,042,555.7 1,076,169.2 3.
Conversion data of the heat value index: - Zhangjiang, Jinqiao and Kunshan Facilities have adopted Annex A (referential energy conversion standard coal 2022 1,266.0 2,215.4 28,307.9 1,063,884.0 1,095,673.3 factors) of General Principles for Calculation of the Comprehensive Energy Consumption (GB/T 2589-2020).
2021 1,335.8 2,575.2 34,239.0 948,483.2 986,633.2 - Huizhou Facility adopted Table E.2 (Fossil Fuel Combustion Emission Factors) of the Organizational Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Reporting (SZDB/Z 69-2018).
2020 1,393.6 2,523.9 74,103.6 870,905.2 948,926.3 - Nantou Facility adopted "Heat Content of Energy Products" from Taiwan Energy Statistics Handbook (2020).
- Mexico Facility adopted "Lista de combustibles 2022".
83 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Power Saving Performances in 2023 Power Saved CO Reduction (1~2) Facility Project Description 2 (MWh) (metric tonnes CO2e) Through the installation of interconnecting pipes, optimization of sharing capability of A building process cooling water system merger equipment water pumps, the use efficiency of single equipment can be increased, and 81.5 63.4 optimization the electricity consumption can be saved.
A building washing machine exhaust air renovation Optimization of roof exhaust fan drying method.
79.9 62.1 and installation of dry filter box project Through air compressor heat cycle and exchange, the purified water supply temperature Air compressor heat recovery can be increased, thereby reducing the electricity consumption required for cooling the 427.8 332.7 air compressor unit water temperature.
With the use of two-staged cooling method, the terminal could increase purified water Drainage heat recovery for washing machine supply temperature to satisfy the Membrane Biological Reactor (MBR) incoming water 714.9 556.0 condition and to reduce the electricity consumed for the heating of the rinsing machine.
Zhangjiang The cooling water system is able to operate at variable flow rate, and according to the chiller unit, condensing load, cooling tower water inlet and outlet temperature change, B building 1200RT water pump of ice machine the system flow rate can be adjusted timely, and the water pump running frequency is 249.2 193.8 cooling adding inverter operation optimization regulated automatically, thereby saving the energy consumption and expense incurred by the operation the water pump.
When the nitrogen usage amount is small, excessive CDA is incorporated into the system Nitrogen station capacity expansion energy saving pipe network, to increase energy use efficiency.
In addition, the nitrogen generating air 1.1 0.9 project compressor heat is recycled and provided to the air conditioning system for use, to save the consumption of natural gas.
Water washing machine energy saving and water For energy-saving rinsing equipment, the electricity and water consumptions are saved 150.9 117.4 saving program to reduce the production cost.
With the interconnecting PCW system pipelines at the third and fourth floors, one single Jinqiao PCW system energy saving improvement unit of variable-frequency water pump is used to supply the PCW for two floors, such 501.6 390.1 that one unit of water pump is under standby state to save electricity consumption.
Through the improvement of the facility system techniques and replacement of Near-zero carbon and green energy-saving equipment with high energy efficiency, energy saving, and emission reduction can be 43.5 33.8 technological transformation Kunshan achieved along with the reduction of energy consumption expense.
Cool-heat exchange equipment is additionally installed to perform natural cooling, such Cooling water system energy-saving renovation 518.6 403.3 that it can replace the chiller unit operation during the transition season.
A new variable-frequency vacuum machine SV-1300 (30HP) is installed to replace the Vacuum machine replacement energy saving output of two old units.
In addition, its variable-frequency function allows adjustment of 131.4 65.0 improvement usage amount to satisfy the field use, such that energy saving and carbon reduction can be achieved.
Nantou Variable-frequency drive (VFD) is installed on the cooling fan of the cooling tower, Air conditioning cooling tower energy saving and water temperature change monitoring is utilized to perform unloading operation, 256.4 126.9 improvement thereby achieving the effect of energy saving and reduction of electricity expense.
Three-way valve is used in conjunction with VFD to control flow rate and pressure, to Energy saving improvement of district pump 30.4 15.0 achieve energy saving and carbon reduction.
Total 3,187.2 2,360.5 Note: 1.
Carbon emissions reduction = electricity saved x electricity emission coefficient 2.
Electricity emission coefficient: - Zhangjiang, Jinqiao, and Kunshan Facilities adopt the Huadong Power Grid 0.778 metric tonnes CO2e/MWh based on the "2021 Emission Reduction Project: China's regional grid baseline emission factor" by the Department of Climate Change.
- Nantou Facility adopts the "2022 Electricity Emission Factor" announced by the Bureau of Energy, with a CO2 emission factor of 0.495 kg CO2e/kWh.
84 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Water Resources Management Energy Consumption and Intensity USI does not have issues with contaminating catchment areas as our facilities are not built around it.
But Mainland China's regulation has become increasingly rigorous and ASEH paid close attention, the storage and distribution of water resources have also become an important 31.3 topic for us.
USI strives to conserve water in manufacturing and everyday life by installing water 29.1 26.1 25.5 meters and monitoring monthly water usage data to manage water resources and identify 22.0 opportunities for conservation.
20.6 20.6 20.2 18.5 Apart from regularly tracking the water consumption of the seven major manufacturing facilities to be added in Vietnam in 2023, each facility will separate and collect process chemicals for treatment, set up discharge water treatment facilities for water quality management, and regularly outsource the testing of discharge water quality to prevent the occurrence of incidents of contamination of water sources.
Each facility is required to conduct tests in accordance with 1,095,673.3 local laws and regulations, the items are summarized below: 948,926.3 986,633.2 1,076,169.2 Zhangjiang, Jinqiao and Huizhou Facilities: pH, SS, BOD, COD, ammonia nitrogen, total 878,276.2 776,645.7 758,413.1 phosphorus, total nitrogen, petroleum, and animal and vegetable oils.
731,386.2 738,890.4 Nantou Facility: pH, water temperature, SS, BOD, COD, ammonia, copper, nickel, cadmium, lead, 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 zinc, arsenic, fluoride, hexavalent chromium, selenium, silver, total mercury, and sulfide.
Mexico Facility: pH, water temperature, BOD, SS, copper, nickel, cadmium, lead, zinc, arsenic, Energy Consumption (GJ) Energy Intensity (GJ/M CNY) mercury, hexavalent chromium.
Vietnam Facility: pH, SS, BOD, COD, ammonia, total phosphorus, total nitrogen, and coliform bacteria.
Renewable Energy Kunshan Facility leases some floors of the ASEH's factory; the water intake and discharge are USI actively responds to the call for renewable energy use.
We purchased 236,432 MWh of I-RECs managed by ASEH.
Kunshan Facility only shares water-related costs.
There was no violation of and Green Electricity Certificate (GEC) in 2024 to offset CO emitted by traditional power in 2023 2 water discharging regulations in 2023, and USI will continue to keep track on the use of water (the annual electricity usage for Zhangjiang, Jinqiao, Huizhou, Kunshan, Mexico, and Vietnam resources and save as much water as possible for a friendly environment and reduction of Facilities were all offset).
Low-carbon products produced in facilities using renewable energy environmental impacts.
account for 70.5% of USI's annual revenue.
According to GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance, the statements are used to neutralize Scope 2 market-based emissions.
The GHG emissions amount USI total water consumption in 2023 was 1,028.62 ML, a decrease of 3.7% from 2022 (1,068.17 by location and market (1) are as follows: ML).
However, our water intensity is reduced by 19.8% (2) compared with 2015, achieving the goal of water saving.
In terms of water intake, except for the use of underground water sources in Nantou-TT Facility, all other facilities use tap water sources.
The annual underground water Category Item Scope 1 Scope 2 Total consumption is 69.98 ML, and the water consumption of tap water is 958.64 ML.
In terms of GHG Emissions (metric tonnes COe) 5,265.23 202,570.24 207,835.48 water discharge, 892.84 ML of wastewater was discharged into the sewage systems.
Location 2 The analysis resulted in a slight decrease in overall USI withdrawals from the previous year, based Percentage 3% 97% 100% primarily due to a decrease in overall Company revenues in 2023 compared to the previous year.
Market GHG Emissions (metric tonnes CO 2e) 5,265.23 26,286.99 31,552.22 Note: 1.
The data presented came from the ISO 14064-1 inventory results, rounded to the 2nd decimal place.
based Percentage 17% 83% 100% 2.
Water intensity of 0.169 (m3/K USD) in 2015 and 0.136 (m3/K USD) in 2023, a decrease of 19.8% from the base year.
85 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Regarding the water resource risk analysis, we adopt the Aqueduct Indicator established by the To make use of every drop of water, USI is planning to recycle as much water as possible via World Resources Institute.
For the water stress, the baseline water stress is considered to measure improvement of equipment and technology.
In 2018, the process water recycling system was the ratio between the total water demand and the renewable surface water and groundwater.
introduced to Zhangjiang Facility.
This system enables USI to recycle process water produced Furthermore, the water stress risk of the location of each facility is understood; among the from the cutting process; filter and sterilize the water through filtration, disc filter, ceramic facilities, Zhangjiang Facility, Jinqiao Facility, Kunshan Facility, and Mexico Facility have been ultrafiltration membrane and UV sterilization processes; and reuse the water in the production.
determined to be high-risk areas, and Huizhou Facility, Nantou Facility, and Vietnam Facility have With respect to the installation of process water zero discharge system at Jinqiao Facility, this been determined to be low-risk areas.
For facilities at high-risk areas of water stress, the Company project has adopted advanced oxidation technology.
In 2023, USI recycled 232.94 ML of water, also assesses the installation of facility water consumption recycle and reuse equipment and the with a recycling rate of 23%.
In addition, the process water consumption is 188.94 ML, with a establishment of water resource management goal to implement control properly.
recycling rate of 64%.
(1) Water Withdrawal and Discharge Unit: ML Nantou Facility Zhangjiang Jinqiao Huizhou Kunshan Mexico Vietnam TT NK Source Tap water Tap water Tap water Tap water Tap water Groundwater Tap water Tap water Tap water Water 314.550 96.188 171.450 92.122 21.357 69.984 114.486 60.490 87.994 Withdrawal Discharge Sewage treatment Sewage treatment Sewage treatment Sewage treatment Sewage treatment Sewage treatment City sewage Sewage treatment Flow facility facility facility facility facility facility treatment facility facility Water 283.095 86.569 154.305 82.910 49.288 103.037 54.441 79.195 Discharge Water Withdrawal and Recycle Water Usage Ratio 28.8 27.5 22.3 22.6 93% 1,068 1,029 804 862 7% Note: 1.
Apart from the Nantou-TT Facility, USI has no discharge water flow meter in each 2020 2021 2022 2023 facility.
Thus, the water discharge volume is Groundwater Tap Water estimated based on the estimation principle Water Withdrawal (ML) Water Recycling Rate (%) of 90% of the water intake.
86 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Waste Management 87.3 86.0 USI considers "Waste Minimization and Reuse" as corporate policy.
The principles of "Impact Mitigation & Continuous 85.5 85.3 Improvement" and "Effective Reduction & Circular Reuse" have been carried out thoroughly in all the facilities and treated as annual performance indicator.
Therefore, through regular data record and tracking, the relevant units such as process unit, facility 11,586 affairs unit, and EHS unit strictly monitor the usage and outputs, and strengthen the effective control of waste.
9,836 8,766 According to the data, the total amount of waste generated in 2023 was 12,377 metric tonnes, and recycled 10,805 metric 7,806 tonnes, with a recycling rate of 87.3%.
Although it is a slight increase from the previous year, it still meets the annual target (80%); The non-hazardous waste recycling rate of 91.5% also meets the annual target (90%), the details are shown as follows.
The hazardous waste generation intensity is 0.104 (kg/K USD) in 2023 and 0.114 (kg/K USD) in 2022, a decrease of 8.6% from the previous year.
This was mainly due to the continuous evaluation of the use of non-hazardous materials in place of hazardous materials in the facility, which effectively reduced the amount of hazardous waste generated.
USI continues to focus on product 783 967 1,066 790 package outer box, partition and tray cleaning and recycling, with a total weight of 3,052 metric tonnes recycled and reused.
In 2020 2021 2022 2023 the future, USI will continue to implement the waste reduction policy, reduce volume from the source, and strive to achieve the Hazardous Waste Non-hazardous Waste Waste Recycling goal of resource sustainability.
(metric tonnes) (metric tonnes) Rate (%) USI has developed a waste disposal program specifying that hazardous wastes must be handled by qualified suppliers with valid licenses for disposal and that non-hazardous wastes must be given to licensed recycling operators for recycling or shipped to the licensed incinerators for incineration.
Zhangjiang Facility, Jinqiao Facility, Huizhou Facility, Kunshan Facility and Nantou-TT and Nantou- NK Facility have achieved zero burying of wastes.
We will continue to review local waste management regulations of our facilities and invest in relevant research and human resources to evaluate recycling, reuse, and minimize landfilling of waste to reduce the negative impact on the natural environment.
In 2023, some parts of the wastes for incineration treatment were converted into energy recovery, such as power generation and heat transfer application to reduce external energy demand and to reduce GHG emissions at the same time.
The waste of each facility is classified in the following according to the treatment method.
(1) Statistics of Disposal Methods for Various Wastes Unit: metric tonnes Reuse Recycle Compost Landfill Incinerate Treatment Hazardous Nonhazardous Facility Hazardous Nonhazardous Hazardous Nonhazardous Hazardous Nonhazardous Hazardous Nonhazardous Energy recoveryWithout energy Energy recoveryWithout energy recovery recovery Zhangjiang 0.000 1,268.420 55.064 1,042.105 0.000 338.239 0.000 0.000 293.181 0.000 45.094 0.000 Jinqiao 0.000 449.378 9.514 461.452 0.000 236.086 0.000 0.000 59.719 0.000 11.852 0.000 Huizhou 0.000 603.202 35.697 1,183.660 0.000 89.230 0.000 0.000 48.635 0.000 87.045 0.000 Kunshan 0.000 0.000 92.880 1,441.300 0.000 159.610 0.000 0.000 0.000 58.510 32.569 0.000 TT 0.000 602.578 0.000 153.967 0.000 71.920 0.000 0.000 69.770 0.000 131.232 0.000 Nantou NK 0.000 128.256 0.000 570.824 0.000 66.960 0.000 0.000 21.556 0.000 199.326 0.000 Mexico 0.000 0.000 3.776 1,466.419 0.000 60.113 0.000 420.951 0.000 31.759 0.000 0.000 Vietnam 0.000 0.000 8.811 188.751 0.000 17.127 0.000 19.482 1.488 0.000 39.193 0.000 Subtotal 0.000 3,051.834 205.742 6,508.478 0.000 1,039.284 0.000 440.433 494.348 90.269 513.740 0.000 Total 3,051.834 6,714.219 1,039.284 440.433 584.617 546.310 Percentage 0.00% 24.66% 1.66% 52.59% 0.00% 8.40% 0.00% 3.56% 3.99% 0.73% 4.41% 0.00% Note: 1.
Statistics are rounded to the 3rd decimal place.
87 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Air Pollution Control In recent years, air pollution is getting worse in Mainland China and Taiwan.
It seriously affected related preventive measures, such as UV photodegradation (1), activated carbon treatment, the quality of life for residents that become an urgent issue.
This is the reason that local and zeolite rotor plus catalyst thermal oxidizer, to reduce VOCs and PM emissions.
In 2023, authority has made relevant amendments to local regulations.
As our production facilities USI set up a zeolite rotor and rotary regenerative oxidizer in Nantou-NK 1 Facility to reduce are within the affected areas, we also pay great attention to air pollutant control within our VOCs emissions.
For NO, SO, and PM emissions, since 2019, to reduce the emissions of Nox in X X facilities.
boiler exhaust gas, Jinqiao Facility carried out boiler exhaust gas transformation and equipped with a low-nitrogen burner.
Mexico Facility also started testing for FSP as requested by the USI conducts regular testing and management of regulated pollutants such as volatile organic local authorities.
According to the data, USI generated 51.49 metric tonnes of VOCs in 2023, a compounds (VOCs), nitrogen oxides (NO), sulfur oxides (SO), and fine suspended particulates X X decrease of 14.3% compared to the previous year.
The major reason was that the Company's (PM).
With respect to VOCs, in addition to the Nantou Facility requiring regular inspection and revenue decreased compared to the previous year and the relative VOCs emissions from some reporting, Zhangjiang and Jinqiao facilities comply with the requirements of the 'Environmental facilities decreased compared to the previous year.
Protection Tax' reporting by the competent authorities and equipped with activated carbon towers and washing towers, among other treatments, to reduce the emission of regulated In the future, USI will let other facilities disclose relevant information, and actively promote pollutants.
Huizhou and Kunshan facilities followed the requirements of local authorities to the expansion of related improvement measures to other facilities.
The air pollutant emissions conduct VOCs and fine suspended particulates (FSP) testing and management, and initiated data (2~5) for 2023 is shown in the table below: Unit: metric tonnes F a c i l i t y Nantou 60.064 ZhangjiangJinqiaoHuizhouKunshan MexicoVietnam 55.238 Pollutant TT NK 51.491 47.056 Volatile Organic Compounds 2.455 1.946 2.316 1.186 15.559 28.029 N/A N/A (VOCs) Nitrogen Oxides 0.770 0.388 N/A N/A N/A 1.559 N/A N/A (NO) X Sulfur Oxides N.D. 0.002 N/A N/A N/A 0.668 N/A N/A (SO) X 2020 2021 2022 2023 Particulate VOCs Emissions (metric tonnes) 0.270 0.224 0.057 0.241 1.950 0.420 1.180 N/A Matter (PM) Note: 1.
UV beams can break the molecular bond of industrial waste as well as the water and oxygen in the air.
Then, with 3.
The discharge amount of Nantou Facility is based on the declared amount of air pollution fees collected by local the use of ozone, the oxidization reaction takes place for deodorization and sterilization.
environmental protection organizations, which are calculated with mass balance.
2.
The estimated emission level and amount in the test report produced by a third-party test body are adopted for 4.
N.D.: Non-Detectable, the level is too low to be detected by the instrument.
the Zhangjiang, Jinqiao, Huizhou, and Kunshan Facilities, and the data is rounded to the 3rd decimal place.
5.
N/A: No applicable local regulation and no available self-testing data.
88 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Green Manufacturing and Expenditures In addition to adopting ecological design for its products, USI conforms to the principles of In 2023, Huizhou Facility set up the solar power system on the roof of the facility, with a total the cleaner production evaluation system at all its facilities in production and manufacturing, capacity of 1,814 kWp and annual electricity generation of 551.9 kWh, and USI's cumulative logistics and transportation, green management, and social responsibility to implement total of 3,305 MWh of solar power generation.
In the future, we will continue to focus on clean resource conservation, green manufacturing processes, pollution prevention and innovative production and green building promotion to build up a green factory of USI.
eco-friendly design.
This has not only lowered the impact of manufacturing processes upon the To calculate our investment in the environment, we have classified relevant costs according environment, but also reduced costs of raw materials, energy, and pollutant treatment while to the nature of ASEH's environmental expenditure (including Operating Cost, Upstream/ increasing economic and environmental protection benefits.
Downstream Cost, Management Overhead and Social Activities Cost.
For expenditure details, In 2020, Nantou-NK 1 Facility started undergoing EEWH green building certification, and please refer to the Sustainability Data   Environmental D. Environmental Expenditures table).
In successfully obtained the first green building certification.
In addition, we have cooperated with 2023, due to the increase in operating cost investment, USI's total environmental expenditure solar construction companies to build a solar power generation system with a total capacity was approximately CNY 50 million, an increase of 59% from the previous year.
In the meantime, of 499 kWp (1).
Since October 2019, it has officially been put into power generation.
In 2023, it we have continued to further improve our environmental management by calculating and produced a total of 2,753.2 MWh green power.
analyzing relevant costs on a quarterly basis.
Environmental Protection Expenditures 47,496,006 29,912,628 28,131,111 25,989,443 2020 2021 2022 2023 Environmental Expenditure (CNY) Note: 1.
kWp is the calculation unit of the solar cell's power output under standard sunshine conditions; 1 kWp = 1 kilowatt-hour (kWh) 89 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Occupational Health and Safety In addition to complying with local labor laws and safety regulations, all major facilities have Safety and Health Production Committee's Responsibilities established and certified ISO 45001 Occupational Safety and Health Management Systems, encompassing employees and non-employee workers (1) (coverage rate: 100%).
USI has a health and safety policy, standard operating procedures, educational training, and LOHAS activities to ensure workers' physical and mental health during working hours.
To maintain certification validity, the occupational safety and health management policy and Guard the workplace business performance are reviewed annually to meet the requirements of occupational health and safety laws and our own guidelines to continue to provide a safe and comfortable working environment for workers.
Prevent Guarantee the occupational investments diseases are inputed Occupational Health and Safety Management Health and Safety Management Goals and Statuses in 2023 Safety and Goals Performance Develop and Health Ensure the implement Production trainings and Maintaining Zero Occupational health Committee educations are No cases of occupational disease occurred management accomplished Disease Incidences and promotion Maintaining Zero Work-Related No cases of work-related deaths occurred Deaths Perfect the Supervise system of Since 2016, we established a universal notification and check the production production Zero Infections from Infectious system and enhanced our emergency response responsibility works Diseases within Facilities capabilities.
No infectious disease-related cases occurred in 2023 USI's seven major manufacturing facilities have set up Safety and Health Production Committees required by local regulations.
According to the regulations, labor representatives To ensure the safety and health of workers in the facility, USI invested CNY 197 million in should take up at least a third of the committee.
The frequency of the committee meetings safety production and chemical safety management in 2023.
Occupational safety and health varies from facility to facility, but regular meetings are held at least quarterly to coordinate costs include employee insurance, physical check-up, labor protection, safety measures and recommend occupational safety and health management matters.
Besides, an internal improvements, operating environment monitoring, and ISO 45001 certification fee.
exchange platform and paths for the sharing of the Company's information system are also established within the facility (including WeChat and irregular exchange sessions) to ensure the availability of smooth communication channels.
Note: 1.
Non-employee workers: workers that include temporary workers and contractors, such as construction, cafeteria, security, cleaning personnel, stationed personnel, and others, with 4,326 people in total.
90 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Occupational Safety Risk Management Hazards, Risks, and Opportunities Identification Procedure As part of the risk-based thinking required by the ISO 45001 Occupational Safety and Health Management System, USI establishes a process to manage procurement, contracts, and changes.
We implement necessary safety assessments, training, and data updates to reduce potential safety and health risks from operating conditions or the work environment.
To effectively Analyze the job identify and assess safety and health hazards and risks and opportunities derived from the operations and work environment, Draw hazard and operation items we request responsible units to identify hazards based on occurrence probability, exposure frequency, and consequence severity identification Identify hazards, flowchart regularly each year.
Where there's a change in legal regulations, production activity, or stakeholder request, the identification and risks, and Plan Do assessment procedures must be applied again.
USI identifies and controls priority risks and opportunities and requests relevant opportunities parties to amend plans based on the level of involved dangers and opportunities to minimize negative impacts, enhance our occupational safety and health performance, and create a sound management system.
Also, to ensure quality, safety & health departments and representatives undergo regular safety training and internal auditor training within the ISO 45001 management Establish Act Check safety and Summarize and system and acquire qualifications (Please refer to the Occupational Health and Safety Training section).
health goals and define priorities management plans to lower risks and Confirm opportunities improvement Hazards, Risks, and Opportunities Identification Management Measures in 2023 Risk and Identification Hazard or Impact Above Corrective Action Management Measures Opportunity Level Result Medium Level 1.
Control measures must reduce the risk to an 1.
Serious acceptable range 2.
Review the integrity of existing protection and control measures and formulate plans There are no Serious or High-Level risks in the work activities or working environment of USI facilities.
for improvement.
If there is no improvement, 2.
High it is necessary to formulate operation control procedures or emergency response plans Must wear safety belts and helmets and use compliant auxiliary equipment; set up the operation control area Elevated operations: drop, fall and have workers from the same industry to assist in the 3.
Medium-High operation.
It must be reviewed whether there are still Part of the factory Confined space operations: Wear self-contained breathing apparatus and strengthen opportunities to improve the performance of operations and hypoxia training.
occupational safety and health, such as: high-risk operations Carry out relevant requirements and measures for personnel 4.
Medium 1.
Measures to further reduce personnel employees have COVID-19: public health access control, self-monitor temperature, notification exposure frequency or incident rate Medium-High or system, and environmental protection.
2.
Adjust the work, work plan, and working Medium Level risks Must control fire sources and combustibles, wear personal 5.
Low environment suitable for workers and opportunities; Hot work operation: fire protective equipment, carry spare fire extinguishers, and 3.
Reduce the monotonous work or working others are Low or strengthen training.
frequency Slight Level risks In addition to regular monitoring of high-risk operating 4.
Strengthen existing control measures and opportunities.
Work environment (such as environments (including lighting), environmental inspections using organic solvents, X-Ray should be conducted.
The inspection items include noise, 6.
Slight inspections): carbon dioxide concentration, organic solvents, specialized inhalation hazard, skin contact substances, dust, lead workplaces, and free radiation; they hazard or body pathology require personal protective gear during operation.
91 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement In 2023, there were more than 40 safety and health management programs included in the workplace and free radiation to ensure that the threshold values of concentration of harmful tracking management, which includes strengthening the management of hazardous operations, substances and noises are below standards.
If there are any abnormalities, it will be immediately eliminating safety hazards of machinery and equipment, reducing chemical use or using corrected and maintained; if it is close to the abnormal state, we will provide employees with alternatives, and occupational disease prevention.
appropriate preventive training, and with a healthy and safe working environment.
At the same time, to provide a better workplace environment, USI rewards employees for Chemical Safety Management proposing any improvement measures that mitigate any occupational hazard or disease, and if employees find that there is a direct threat to personal safety and other emergency situations, We developed our Chemical Management Procedure in line with the UN Strategic Approach they can immediately suspend their work at hand and evacuate the workplace according to to International Chemicals Management (SAICM), so chemicals are controlled and used in the emergency response measures of each facility.
USI will not punish any employees for ways that minimize adverse impacts on the environment and human health.
The key to our emergency evacuations.
Procedure is a comprehensive review of substances and all applicable chemical regulations and use restrictions.
We grade chemicals according to environmental and safety risks and constantly Safe Workplace update them into our database.
As part of source control, chemicals must be checked against the database, reviewed, and filed before they can be procured and subsequently introduced To ensure the safety of workers and facilities, each facility conducts inspections in accordance into our manufacturing process.
All personnel involved with handling chemicals must undergo with local government regulations and the Company's operating standards, and EHS personnel before-work training and regular training to ensure that chemicals are handled safely from the also conduct routine facility safety audits, with the scope encompassing Occupational Health moment they enter our operations until they are appropriately disposed or recycled.
We keep and Safety Management Systems.
In some facilities, the inspection results are included in all relative records to optimize our Procedure and prevent occupational hazards.
the occupational safety and health evaluation activities, and outstanding units are publicly recognized in the regular occupational safety and health (production) meetings to encourage Chemical Safety Management Process personnel to participate in safety and health management and improvement measures.
(1) Audit Findings Results Over the Years A s p e c t s Year 2020 2021 2022 2023 cheU mSI i  cs a i ln dte ar tn aa bl a se Safety 376 747 535 594 Health 108 121 59 33 New chemicals Check for Hazard Filed and evaluation prohibited identification controlled Management substances 11 47 13 0 System In addition, according to the actual operating hazards of each facility, qualified institutions Authorized are also commissioned to regularly implement environmental testing to control the operating purchase and use environment of the hazard factors, testing items such as building security, drinking water safety, sewage testing, Legionella pneumophila bacteria, emergency lighting, lightning Check for protection testing, smoke detection equipment and fire equipment testing.
At the same time, regulatory Operational risk and waste the company also regularly monitors operational environments with high risks including noises, Find alternative exemption Approved for one year management, personnel substances training and record keeping the concentration of carbon dioxide, organic solvents, specific chemical substances, lead in the Note: 1.
The data includes Zhangjiang, Jinqiao, Huizhou, Kunshan, and Nantou Facilities.
92 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Occupational Incident Management To ensure that the relevant units can respond quickly Occupational Injury Causes and Improvement Measures when an occupational incident occurs, each facility has established procedures for accident investigation and handling, stipulating that if a near miss, occupational injury Injury Type Cases Improvement Measures or occupational disease occurs in the facility, procedures such as first aid, reporting, investigation, and improvement Bruise 5 measures would be carried out, and at the same time Re-examine the actions and procedures of the personnel operating the machine, improvement measures are proposed based on the root make further modifications, add protective devices, and post warning signs to cause of the accident.
All improvement measures would prevent recurrence.
Fall/Slip 5 be carried out across all facilities, and relevant continuous Enhance training and issue personal protective equipment to improvement would be tracked regularly to prevent the protect personnel safety.
recurrence of similar accidents.
In 2023, there were 14 Crush 3 work-related physical injuries.
In addition to improving the Increase inspections, develop strict SOPs, and enhance safe hardware and equipment, the company is also actively raising operation promotion, and continuously improve operation the safety awareness of its employees and continuing to work procedures to reduce accidents.
Fall 1 towards the goal of "zero accidents".
There were no accidents resulting in injury or death of employees or damage to equipment resulting in production stoppage in 2023.
Occupational Injury Accident Reporting Procedures Notify authorities Government agencies according intervene to assist in the to local regulations accident investigation Yes Step1 Step2 Step3 Step4 Step5 Step6 No Occupational On-site emergency Implement Internal Is the injury injury treatment, notify accident corrective and Closed serious or fatal?
accident EHS to assist in preventive investigation occurred emergency aid actions 93 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement (1) Occupational Injuries and Occupational Diseases in 2023 Year Facility 2020 2021 2022 2023 Items Zhangjiang Jinqiao Huizhou Kunshan Nantou Mexico Vietnam Number of lost-time injuries 12 14 11 14 0 0 0 1 6 7 0 L ost-Time Injury Frequency 0.29 0.31 0.23 0.37 0 0 0 0.14 1.09 1.05 0 Rate (LTIFR) (2) Number of high-consequence 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 work-related injuries R ate of high-consequence 0 0 0.02 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 work-related injuries (3) Number of near misses 0 2 5 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 N ear Miss Frequency Rate 0 0.05 0.11 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 (NMFR) (4) Number of work-related 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 fatalities R ate of fatalities as a result 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 of work-related injuries (5) O ccupational Diseases Rate 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 (ODR) (6) Number of days lost due to 124 460 309 444 0 0 0 95 47 300 0 injuries Lost Day Rate (LDR) (7) 2.95 10.33 6.54 11.74 0 0 0 13.25 8.94 44.84 0 Note: 1.
Statistical count excludes traffic accidents during commutes.
Please refer to the Contractor Management section for contractor work-related injuries data.
2.
Lost-time injuries frequency rate (LTIFR) = (Number of lost-time injuries Total hours worked) 1,000,000     3.
Rate of high-consequence work-related injuries = (Number of high-consequence work-related injuries Total hours worked) 1,000,000     4.
Near Miss Frequency Rate (NMFR) = (Number of Near Misses Total hours worked) 1,000,000     5.
Rate of fatalities as a result of work-related injury = (Number of fatalities as a result of work-related injuries Total hours worked) 1,000,000     6.
Occupational Diseases Rate (ODR) = (Number of occupational diseases Total hours worked) 1,000,000.
Statistics of occupational disease are in accordance with the definition of occupational diseases from relevant local laws and     regulations for each facility.
7.
Lost Day Rate (LDR) = (Number of days lost due to injury Total hours worked) 1,000,000.
Number of days lost due to injury are based on the information collection period until 12/31/2023.
94 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Occupational Health and Safety Training In order to enhance employees' awareness of occupational health and safety, USI has established "Environmental Safety and Health and Energy Education and Training Management Regulations" at each facility to draw up annual environmental safety and health education and training plans according to practical needs, and to conduct safety and health education and training for new recruits and in-service personnel (e.g., chemical safety operation, electrical safety, personal protective equipment use and workplace accident management training), regulatory and certification training (e.g., first aid personnel, special machinery and equipment safety management and radiation device operation training), management system operational training, emergency response training, and contractor training (please refer to the Contractor Management section), as well as arranging drills and tests for employees to enhance their knowledge and skills and their ability to deal with emergencies.
In 2023, there were held 224 training courses and 19,956 employees logged 22,702 hours in occupational safety training.
Occupational Health and Safety Training Data Year 2020 2021 2022 2023 Items Total Number 207 410 118 224 of Courses Total Number 56,285 50,851 10,967 19,956 of Trainees Total Training 48,411 57,776 11,008 22,702 Hours As a manufacturing company, USI has comprehensive Emergency Response Procedures to control and mitigate negative impacts caused by disasters.
Our EHS Emergency Response Center conducts emergency response training for disasters caused by earthquakes, fires, and chemical leaks to ensure employees fully understand facility evacuation routes and how to use emergency response equipment.
In 2023, 36 emergency drills were held, including first responder training and earthquake, fire, and chemical spill drills.
95 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Contractor Management Nowadays, outsourcing technical and professional projects to contractors are part of daily The quality of the contractor's personnel has a significant impact on the quality, duration, operations.
Besides requesting contract project quality and schedule, USI values contractors' and safety of the work being contracted.
Therefore, USI contractors are asked to provide the safety and health.
USI's Policy clearly commits to "Awareness Training" and communication necessary documentation of education and training, as well as participate in occupational for all workers, and our Contractor and On-Site Construction Management Regulations were safety and health education and training conducted by USI.
formulated using the concept and principle of the PDCA cycle, and we use the Regulations as In 2023, more than 250 occupational safety and health training sessions were held for 2,300 our guidance to effectively manage and improve contractor occupational safety and health.
participants from 340 contracting companies (trainees include contractors for material Contractor and On-Site Construction Management Regulations contractors, factory services, construction, waste, and other services).
After training and evaluation by each facility's EHS departments, 2,384 contractor employees obtained construction permits.
Construction Document Education and 1 2 3 Assessment Review Training Contractor Construction Construction information worker training requirements review Construction Contractor Construction permit qualification application form application evaluation Hazardous work Sub-contractor application form training Construction Post-Construction 4 5 Management Management Notification of working Fines for violation environment hazards Occupational injury Sub-contractor meeting statistics Construction supervision Feedback to contractor Environmental safety evaluation inspection and audit To ensure construction safety during work performed by contractors, we focus on dangerous operations and repeat offenders to strengthen the inspection of operational safety during construction, such as protective equipment for workers and compliance with safe conduct.
If deficiencies are found and not improved immediately, penalties will be imposed in accordance with company regulations and the results will be included in the evaluation of the contractor's qualifications.
In 2023, no qualified contractors were disqualified due to safety and health audits.
96 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Physical and Mental Healthcare Contractor Construction Application and Audit Findings (1) To provide employees with comprehensive health care, USI has built a healthy workplace better than what is required by law.
We have amenities and programs on-site with specialized Year personnel to provide professional services.
Programs include health knowledge bulletins, health 2020 2021 2022 2023 Items seminars, workshops, and group activities regularly conveyed through channels such as the USI Number of construction applications 2,694 3,099 3,174 3,386 Newsletter, WeChat groups, email announcements, and bulletin boards to enhance employee health knowledge and skills and build an excellent healthy workplace.
Number of applications for hazardous 744 997 886 584 work (2) Amenities and Programs Number of findings in on-site audit 103 34 66 20 USI provides employees with quality healthcare services.
We have on-site nurses and regularly Number of major findings (3) 47 34 28 20 invite specialized family medicine doctors, occupational medicine doctors, psychologists, physiotherapists, and nutritionists to provide employees with psychological, work stress, career, It is our policy to monitor, report, investigate, analyze, and record all types of incidents that and other consulting services.
In 2023, approximately 14,000 health consultations total 9,720 occur with our contractors in the USI Facilities, including occupational disasters, fires, or hours.
explosions in accordance with USI's accident investigation and improvement procedures.
Since 2020, only one contractor-related (4) work injury incident occurred in 2020, and the main root As for amenities, USI nurse stations are equipped with simple wound dressing stations, blood causes of the incidents were analyzed, and the facilities asked to strengthen the awareness and pressure meters, and weighing scales to provide basic healthcare for employees.
Nurse stations supervision.
Therefore, in 2023, USI did not have any more work-related injuries or work safety also have a resting lounge, counseling room, and breastfeeding room for rest, consultations, accidents involving contractors.
and breastfeeding.
Nantou Facility has received the Nantou County Excellent Breastfeeding Room certification for ten consecutive years, providing a comfortable breastfeeding space for (5) Contractor Occupational Injuries and Occupational Diseases mothers.
Year 2020 2021 2022 2023 Items Number of lost-time injuries 1 0 0 0 Lost-Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) 0.27 0.00 0.00 0.00 Number of high consequence work- 0 0 0 0 related injuries R ate of high consequence work-related 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 injuries Number of near misses 0 0 0 0 Near Miss Frequency Rate (NMFR) 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 Physical Therapist Intervention Accredited Nantou County Breastfeeding Room Number of work-related fatalities 0 0 0 0 R ate of fatalities as a result of work- 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 Note: related injuries 1.
The data includes Zhangjiang, Jinqiao, Huizhou, Kunshan, and Nantou Facilities.
2.
Hazardous work: includes hot work, hanging work, confined space work, elevated work Occupational Diseases Rate (ODR) 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 3.
Major findings: on-site audit findings and issuing a ticket Number of days lost due to injuries 24 0 0 0 4.
For details, please refer to the 2020 Sustainability Report, page 122.
5.
Please refer to the Occupational Incident Management section for the relevant ratio calculation formula.
Lost Day Rate (LDR) 6.37 0.00 0.00 0.00 97 Health Risk Management A healthy workforce is an integral part of a company's competitiveness and a key driver In terms of special health examination management, we analyzed employee health examination of sustainable growth.
To achieve effective health management, USI provides free annual results and found no individuals with unusual work-related conditions.
Cerebrovascular and physicals for employees and occupational medical exams for employees in high-risk operating cardiovascular disease are closely related to employees' health (physiological) and workload environments, and the results are classified and managed.
In addition to complying with laws, (psychological), while musculoskeletal-related diseases are the first cause of occupational regulations, and related guidelines, employees' health risks are analyzed according to the nature diseases (by industry).
Therefore, we set management indicators for metabolic syndrome (2), of work and the health risk matrix.
The top three themes are health management of special cerebrovascular and cardiovascular disease, and musculoskeletal-related disease, as shown in health examination management, cerebrovascular and cardiovascular disease prevention and the table below.
management, and prevention and management of musculoskeletal diseases.
Health Risk Issues and Management Metrics (1) Occupational Health Risk 2023 Issues Management Metrics Status Performance Metabolic Syndrome Less than 22% 18.7% Cerebrovascular and Cardiovascular Risk level of 3 or more, less than 2% 0.38% Disease Musculoskeletal NMQ (3) of 3 or more, less than 10% 2.5% Disorders Health Promotion Health promotion is an integral part of preventive healthcare.
Based on the results of the health examination and the willingness to participate in health promotion activities, USI holds various health seminars, trainings, and activities such as pregnancy healthcare, cancer screening services, vaccination services, blood donation activities, weight-loss competitions, quit smoking contests, and bone density detection to prevent chronic and occupational diseases.
USI also encourages employees to exercise regularly, eat and drink healthily, and maintain good living habits.
In mental health, USI not only holds fellowship campaigns regularly for employees (please refer to the Employee Benefits section for details), but also has Employee Assistance Programs (EAP).
It works with the human resources department to improve their performance by enhancing Relevance to Work High employees' mental well-being.
In addition to managing human resources more effectively, it can deal with crises efficiently, improve production efficiency, and make sure employees' pressure Note: 1.
The data includes Nantou Facility.
from their families, work, and life can be balanced and addressed.
We have specially arranged 2.
Metabolic syndrome: when three out of five factors are met (a.
abdominal obesity, b. high blood pressure, c. high an overall work adaptability assessment for employees with physical or mental difficulties this blood sugar, d. high triglycerides, e. low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol).
year to ensure that all employees have received professional assistance.
3.
NMQ, Nordic Musculoskeletal Questionnaire ytireveS ksiR Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement 291 Employees 100% of the employees involved in hazardous operations completed special health exams and High Special health examination related follow-ups.
Medium & high-risk cases are management closely monitored.
75 Employees After a holistic assessment of work-related and personal overwork factors, medium & high-risk Cerebrovascular & cases would be further advised on working hours cardiovascular disease management and psychological counseling if prevention management necessary.
34 Employees Employees assessed with NMQ   3 and above are considered medium or high-risk cases.
USI would Occupational arrange physical therapists and occupational musculoskeletal disorder specialists to conduct on-site assessment, prevention management consultation, and health management.
Expecting mothers' physical and mental health and 100 Employees work environment are evaluated during pregnancy Maternal healthcare and the year after giving birth.
Based on evaluation management results, work adjustments are made when necessary.
87 Employees Employees required to wear RPE are given fit Medical evaluation for tests and physiological evaluations to assess for respiratory protective suitability.
equipment (RPE) use 397 Employees Tiered management of employee physical General physicals abnormalities exam abnormalities includes arranging health management consultations and follow-up exams when necessary.
Low 98 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Annual Health Promotion Activities Essential Oil Aromatherapy Mental Health Exercise Improvement Cancer Without Pain Screening Health Points Collection Weight- Healthy loss Exercise 123 Christmas Vaccination Charity Cancer Screening Blood Donation Drives Event Refuse Tobacco Donate Health Care Hazards for Blood for High-risk Health and Spread Group Love Pampering Moms Healthy Free Workplace Dental Citizen for Care Sports Everyone Game Citizen Sports Game Essential Oil Aromatherapy Diverse Health Activities Performance Highlights A total of 40 health activities were organized for the whole year, with 10,705 participants and an activity satisfaction above 95%.
The Nantou Facility was awarded the Healthy Workplace Certification - Health Promotion Label by the National Health Agency.
More than 4,000 employees attended health promotion activities.
1,372 participants took part in the ergonomic hazard prevention program.
309 employees participated in tobacco control and prevention activities.
Tobacco Control Activities Free Dental Care 99 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement IInncclluussiivvee WWoorrkkppllaaccee Talents are the essential seeds for USI's continuous growth and need to be carefully nurtured and watered.
We build an inclusive workplace for employees by Enforcing Human Rights, Implementing Talent Development, Providing Comprehensive Benefits, and Cultivating Harmonious Labor Relations.
,  Employees   Events Employee Communication Total Headcount Symposiums  %  % Local Hire Rate Females in Top Management  %   Employees Facilities with Trade Unions Sponsored to Obtain Degrees in Total SDGs Key Stakeholders: Employees, Government 100 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Sustainable Issue Performance and Targets Material Issue Achieved Not Achieved (1) Management Purpose KPI 2023 Target 2023 Performance Status 2024 Target 2028 Target Management Approach: Respect and follow the Human Rights Policy.
Manage and mitigate human rights risks through periodic audits and Human Rights/Diversity & implement measures to ensure human rights compliance.
Encourage diversity and inclusion in the workplace.
Inclusion Evaluation Mechanism: Conduct annual human right risk assessment and track human right risk improvement plans every six months; track the employment status of disabled employees annually.
Ensure females have chances in More than 17% females 20% of females in top More than 20% females More than 25% females Construct a diverse and inclusive all-level decision- in top management management positions in top management in top management workplace free of human rights violations, making leadership with equal opportunities for all genders Employ disabled Employ more than 90 Employ 101 disabled Employ more than 120 Employ more than 160 employees disabled employees employees disabled employees disabled employees Management Approach: Encourage employees to continue their advanced studies.
Plan training courses for employees to fit in the right Human Capital Development position and cultivate internal instructors to instill corporate culture and organizational capabilities.
Evaluation Mechanism: T rack employee training status and quarterly/yearly review internal instructor training plan.
Improve employee 920 cumulative internal Total of 1,129 internal Over 1,100 internal Over 1,300 internal competence instructors instructors instructors instructors Improve employee capabilities and provide them with learning and future Subsidize more than 40 Subsidized 155 Subsidize more than 50 Subsidize more than 50 development opportunities Employee career employees to obtain employees to obtain employees to obtain employees to obtain development plan degrees degrees degrees degrees Management Approach: Provide competitive salaries and benefits, build a sound welfare system and harmonious labor relations, increase employees' willingness to stay, and reduce employee turnover.
Talent Attraction & Retention Evaluation Mechanism: Track monthly/quarterly/yearly direct employee (DL) and indirect employee (IDL) turnover and retention rates to ensure prompt management response.
Employee DL: less than 45% DL: 42% DL: less than 45% DL: less than 30% Provide employees with suited jobs turnover rate IDL: less than 12% IDL: 13% IDL: less than 12% IDL: less than 10% and retain talents for the Company's sustainable operations Key talent Above 95% key talent 92% key talent retention Above 97% key talent Above 97% key talent retention rate retention rate rate retention rate retention rate Note: 1.
For not achieved targets, please refer to the corresponding section for relevant explanations and future improvement plans.
101 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Human Rights Protection USI strongly believes that corporations have the responsibility to respect human rights.
For our joint venture human rights risk assessment, it is required to conduct human rights risk We support and respect the UN UDHR, human rights as defined in Principles 1 and 2 in the identification every year.
Those human rights risk issues listed in their sustainability reports, UNGC, the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, the International Labor or the SAQ human rights risk identification results are necessary to formulate corresponding Organization's Declaration of Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, and the laws of the improvement plans and track their mitigations.
The supplier human rights risk assessment is to countries in which we operate.
We are committed to protecting and promoting human rights conduct a human rights risk assessment on the annual Tier-1 suppliers and further understand with our employees, joint ventures, suppliers, business partners, customers, local governments, which high risks that suppliers may face through on-site RBA VAP audits and continuously track communities, and other stakeholders.
Being a member of the RBA, we adopt its Code of and improve the effectiveness of their countermeasures for different risks.
Please refer to the Conduct in our global operations to enforce our commitment to protecting human rights, Supply Chain Management section for details on supplier human rights risks.
enforcing employees' rights and interests at work, creating a diverse, inclusive, and healthy workplace, and making a commitment to a balanced life between work and family.
USI human Due Diligence Process rights management-related Policies include: the Human Rights Policy, Anti-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy, USI Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Supplier Code of Conduct, USI Corporate Policy for Sourcing Conflict Minerals, EHS & Energy Policy, and Policy on the List human rights risk items and Implement human rights Protection of Privacy and Personal Data.
identify the material risks risk mitigation and remedial List human rights risk items via the RBA measures inspection framework.
Implement actions in daily Due Diligence Conduct risk assessment every two years management and avoid the on risk matrices with the two quantifiable possibility of human rights USI understands and manages human rights issues in a responsible manner.
Adhering to the indicators of frequency and impact, risk incidents from policies, concepts of the PDCA management process and continuous improvement, the taskforce teams and rank major human rights risk measures, publicities, and issues.
records.
under the Sustainability Committee identify, evaluate, monitor, prevent, and reduce human rights Plan Do impacts through the due diligence process.
We disclose the assessment results on the official website in the form of a Due Diligence Report.
Formulate responding Monitor results and make RBA Risk Assessment Framework Act Check mitigation and remediation continuous improvement and communicate with Review implementation Our human rights management focuses on employees and suppliers within our operations.
Through the RBA management mechanism, we implement SAQ (1) internally every year and st Sa ek te mh io til gd ae tr ios n and remediation e adff je uc st ti v me in te igs as t q iou na sr t te hr rl oy ua gn hd the entrust external third-party institutions with special training in social and environmental audits for human rights risk issues.
Sustainability Committee task to simultaneously provide RBA VAP (2) audit services for the risk management of all USI facilities Disclose the relevant information forces.
and new business relationships.
about human rights management Summarize achievement by the on the official website.
Sustainability Committee and report to top management at We conduct regular risk assessment with a two quantifiable indicators risk matrix: frequency the annual meeting.
and impact, to investigate risk assessment results in the past two years, identify issues and groups that are vulnerable to human rights risks, formulate measures and plans, and continue to make improvements.
The survey results are compiled and submitted to the Sustainability Note: 1.
SAQ, Self-Assessment Questionnaire Committee Taskforces and reported to top management through regular meetings.
2.
VAP, Validated Assessment Program, an on-site audit of suppliers, potential suppliers, and company facilities, performed by a RBA approved independent third-party audit company to provide the company with risk identification assurance, driving improvement, and implement a powerful management system of labor, ethics, health, safety, and environmental conditions in the supply chain.
102 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Actual/Potential Human Rights Issues and Groups at Risk Identified Grievance USI Role Groups at Risk Human Rights Issues Main Policies Due Diligence Mechanism F reely chosen employment, working hours, wages and benefits, H uman Rights Policy E mployees non-discrimination, anti-harassment, equal renumeration, Employer A nti-Discrimination and F oreign migrant gender equality, prohibition of child labor, young worker (Including Anti-Harassment Policy employees employment, freedom of association, right of collective RBA SAQ, RBA VAP, Mergers, E HS & Energy Policy Y oung workers bargaining, freedom of religion, prohibition of forced labor, internal audit Internal reporting Joint T hird-party workers occupational health and safety, emergency preparedness, P olicy on the Protection channels: all Ventures) F emale employees occupational injury and illness, data privacy and security, of Privacy and Personal reporting channels Data sanitation, food, and housing of each Facility External reporting F reely chosen employment, working hours, wages and benefits, S upplier Code of Conduct channels: please non-discrimination, anti-harassment, prohibition of child U SI Corporate Policy for refer to the S uppliers labor, young worker employment, prohibition of forced labor, Sourcing Conflict Minerals SSAQ, on-site audit, Purchaser Business Ethics and C ontractors occupational health and safety, emergency preparedness, P olicy on the Protection document review Compliance section occupational injury and illness, data privacy and security, of Privacy and Personal for details prohibition of use of conflict minerals Data P olicy on the Protection Risk assessment, Product/ C ustomers D ata privacy and security of Privacy and Personal internal/external Service Provider Data audit RBA Human Rights Management       Mechanism Review & Convene Lodge Propose In accordance with the RBA management framework, each Complaint   Review   Improvement Committee Announce facility implements regular internal and external audits.
We Investigate Complaint Measures arrange cross-site mutual audits every year to ensure full Complaint Adjudication compliance with standards.
If there are any non-compliant Results items, corrective actions must be proposed and completed within the requested period.
The Sustainability Committee meets quarterly to review labor, environment, occupational External channels: Supervisors or HR Make the Announce the P ropose an Phone, post, e-mail accept the complaint punishment punishment result.
improvement plan.
health and safety, and ethics performance to ensure that (ethics@usiglobal.com) case.
decision by the Keep complainant P rovide necessary the Company fulfills its various social responsibilities.
We or submit the complaint Set up an disciplinary review and investigation consultation service have established an investigation and employee reporting on the official website invetigation team for committee on the information information or mechanisms and complaint channels to manage employees' Contact USI.
the complaint case.
investigation.
confidential and filed.
assistance.
complaints and ensure the implementation of human rights Internal channels of Complete the P rovide human rights policies and avoid incidents that endanger human rights.
communication.
investigation within related training.
30 days.
103 Human Rights Risk Assessment Results We conduct internal reviews by processing RBA SAQ and VAP human rights risk assessments of In 2023, we found working hours, wages and benefits, unlawful infringement, and sexual the 7 major facilities, as well as employee complaints, to identify the risks of each facility and harassment are issues that are prone to exposure risks.
For other issue analysis and mitigation propose corresponding mitigation plans.
In 2023, the SAQ assessment scores of all facilities are measures, please refer to the sections in the Value Chain Management and the Environmental higher than 85 points, indicating that all facilities are low-risk facilities in terms of human rights Protection and Occupational Safety chapters.
risks.
We also conduct audits on Tier-1 suppliers by using the SSAQ to assess their human rights risks and further conducting on-site audits or document reviews.
(1) (2) Human Rights Risk Assessment Results Human Rights Risk Analysis Zhagjiang 180.7 Jinqiao Vietnam 92.8 180.2 163.5 90.6 93.6 88.2 95.6 Mexico Huizhou 176.6 181.5 93.9 94.0 200 173.8 Nantou Kunshan Low Medium High SAQ VAP Impact Note: 1.
SAQ assessment score: above 85 is considered low risk; 65~85 is considered medium risk; below 65 is high risk.
2.
Major risks are events with high frequency and high impact; minor risks are events with low frequency and low impact; other events are classified as secondary risks.
ycneuqerF Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Working High Hours Medium Wages & Benefits Supplier Responsibility Unlawful Infringement Low Management Accountability & Responsibility Sexual Harrassment 104 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Human Rights Risk Mitigation & Remediation In 2023, working hours, wage and benefits, unlawful infringement, and sexual harassment were identified as potential and actual human right issues.
From awareness training, management strengthening, to disciplinary actions, we have implemented mitigation measures and provided remediations detailed in the table below: Target Workers Risk Issues Working Hours, Wages and Benefits, Unlawful Infringement, Sexual Harassment Working Hours: R ecruit enough employees to meet production capacity needs and avoid overtime due to an insufficient workforce.
E stablish a working hours management mechanism system to control overtime working hours, notify the overtime employees and their direct supervisors with an overtime limitation early warning.
And enforce the "After Continuously Working 6 Days, Need to Take One Day Off" management and tracking mechanism.
N ew/upgrade attendance system to strictly implement the working hour management mechanism.
The working hour compliance rate (1) had reached 75% in 2023; compare with 2022, an increase of 1,333 employees met the RBA working hour specifications.
Wages and Benefits: S trengthen communication with resigning employees and arrange job transfer counseling.
Humane Treatment (including unlawful infringement and sexual harassment): Reiterate that no sexual harassment and unlawful infringement are tolerated.
A nyone who discovers an incident of unlawful infringement in the workplace or in which he or she is subjected to unlawful infringement, should immediately report it in accordance with the grievance procedures.
After receiving the complaint case, an investigating process will kick off in a confidential manner.
If the complaint is found to be true, it will be punished in accordance with the Work Rules.
Mitigation S trengthen human rights training and publicity including (but not limited to) non-discrimination, sexual harassment, privacy rights, etc.
and reiterate relevant human rights grievance mechanism and handling procedures.
S trengthen the trainings on the humane treatment in the workplace including (but are not limited to) interpersonal relationships and communication skills, unlawful infringement prevention policies in the workplace, safety equipment and resource systems, and awareness of potential risks in the working environment and understanding of possible aggressive behaviors and the methods to cope it, psychological counseling and emotion management, incident investigation and interview skills, etc.
I ssue trainings on the unlawful infringement prevention behaviors and publish documents on grievance process and punishment rules to help communicate with employees smoothly; provide on-site physician consultation services to assist employees with psychological counseling and stress relief consultation to alleviate employee stress and frustration.
A nnounced the "Statement of Prohibiting Unlawful Infringement in the Workplace" and the "Unlawful Infringement Prevention and Management SOP", set those courses relevant to human rights issues as mandatory, construct a workplace unlawful infringement prevention special area on SharePoint intranet (217 visitors) to share the unlawful infringement grievance channels and management procedures, and trainings and promotion materials which are related to the laws and prevention measures, and medical consulting service information.
Humane Treatment (including unlawful infringement and sexual harassment): P rovide trainings on topics related to human rights/humane treatment, improve the leadership capabilities of supervisors, complete investigations through the Remediation grievance mechanism, track the effective implementation of disciplinary and counseling measures, and adjust the corresponding internal management mechanisms and compensation at the same time.
P rovide clinic physician consultation service and information to assist employees in psychological counseling and stress relief counseling.
Grievance USI provides internal reporting channels, including human resources mailboxes, employee complaint lines, and reporting mailboxes in all facilities.
Mechanism Note: 1.
Working hours compliance rate = [1- (sum of the monthly employees who work more than 60 hours per week sum of employees at the end of each month)] 100%     105 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement In 2023, there were 24 employee complaints, with 20 cases verified and filed, including 9 external Human Rights Training litigation cases and 11 internal complaints.
For the external cases, they were 1 closed win case involving occupational accident compensation disputes and 8 labor relations termination cases of USI continuously pays attention to human rights protection issues, promotes relevant training, the Huizhou Facility relocation.
Internal complaints consisted of 4 harassments, 6 inappropriate and enhances human rights protection awareness to reduce the possibility of related risks.
Every management, and 1 case of disablement to use the attendance system.
Regarding the failure year, employees in all facilities are requested to take Employee Code of Conduct and Humane using system case, we trained the employee to use the system and paid for the shortfall fee, so the Treatment in the Workplace courses to know the definitions and requirements of pro behaviors.
case was closed.
The 2 sexual harassment cases were that the complainant was inappropriately To strengthen employees' understanding of human rights issues, we have created some "micro- contacted by others against his or her will in the workplace, making the complainant feel offended.
learning" training videos for employees to learn during their fragmented time.
In 2023, the per Another 8 cases were inappropriate co-worker interactions and management styles.
Based on capita human right-related training was 1 hour; the total training hours were 21,436 hours; and our Policy of Humane Treatment in the Workplace and complaint handling process, an internal the total number of trained employees was 20,611 (including resigned employees).
100% of investigation team process and collect statements with a manner of protecting privacy of both employees have completed human rights training based on the training schedule.
parties-complainant and complainer.
Once suspected misconduct is confirmed, the Disciplinary Human Rights Training Participants and Training Hours Committee will set penalties in accordance with the Work Rules.
To remediate the harm the employees underwent, we keep communicate and act actively to improve working conditions and 39,707 37,291 provide employees with mental health counseling services for psychological reconstruction, work 35,313 pressure relief, career planning and other services performed by on-site physicians.
We strengthen human rights publicity to prevent employees from being ignorant of human rights-related laws and bring a negative impact on the Company's creation of an equal-gender and happy workplace, and 27,306 30,902 27,306 29,110 21,436 conduct annual human rights-related employee training, including RBA, humane treatment in the workplace, gender equality, and the sexual harassment act.
Adhering to the above principles in the 20,611 facility where sexual harassment cases occurred, in 2023, after completing the sexual harassment handles, we delivered the harassment law propaganda, complaint process, and skills in handling such incidents in the management symposium with the General Manager of the Facility.
Reiterate 2020 2021 2022 2023 the policy of "No Toleration to any Sexual Harassment" and post the Anti-Discrimination and Anti- Harassment Policy in all buildings and floors and in internal communication networks.
Besides, No.
of Employees Total Training Hours all employees were required to take a sexual harassment training.
A total of 3,026 employees participated in the training, with 1,513 training hours.
Employee Rights Sexual Harassment Case Handling and Remediation Principles USI complies with the employee human rights and labor laws in the country or jurisdiction where the Facility is located.
All employees signed employment agreements with USI in compliance with local regulations (the signing rate is 100%).
The agreement clearly stipulates the rights and For those who constitute sexual harassment cases, the Disciplinary Punishment Committee will make a punishment decision based on the violation obligations of both labor and the Company to protect and urges both parties to abide by it.
When and the Working Rules the Company's operation occurs a major change and cannot keep the employment relationship, the company shall inform the affected employees in advance per local laws and regulations of the notice period (1) and explain their due rights and interests to them.
In addition, the company will Keep the victim's personal information and the case confidential, Counseling provide psychological and medical consultation referrals, and provide also try its best to assist employees to change jobs.
As the Nantou Facility did, the Company will HR assistance in adjusting work or units if necessary cooperate with the Taichung-Changhua-Nantou Regional Branch of the Workforce Development Agency to provide employees with working competency training information, collect job Review the cause and track the effectiveness of the counseling or information in neighboring areas, and assist employees in changing jobs.
Remediation punishment, and adjust the system to avoid the occurrence of a similar Note: incident or retaliation 1.
Notice period: Mainland China Facilities: employees should be notified at least 30 days in advance; Nantou Facility: employees should be notified at least 10 days in advance; Mexico Facility: employees should be notified at least 7 days in advance; Vietnam Facility: employees should be notified at least 3 days in advance.
106 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Talent Attraction and Retention All Facilities have formulated work rules to ensure that employees are aware of their relevant rights An inclusive work environment allows everyone to feel respected and supported, making and obligations.
For example, Nantou Facility clearly stipulates various employee rights in the finding the best way to work easier, developing everyone's expertise, and growing together.
Employee Work Rule, including appointment, resignation, working hours, vacations, bonuses, insurance, As USI expands worldwide, creating a workplace that grows with a multicultural culture, behavioral disciplines, and other requirements, and posts them on the Company's internal website, including individual employees' differences with no prejudice against different ages, bulletin board, or conspicuous place in the workplace.
Every Facility has Recruitment Guidelines that genders, races, religions, nationalities, and politics, is of prime importance.
Therefore, USI have defined standardized operating procedures to select the most suitable candidates who are willing is investing substantial effort in establishing workplace culture, women's participation in to serve in USI without discrimination and difference to attract more diverse talents for USI.
The "Policy decision-making, and the job arrangement of disabled employees.
of Workplace Humane Treatment Establishment" is to show a workplace culture of safety, dignity, non- discrimination, mutual respect and tolerance, and equal opportunities, and to protect all employees Workforce Structure from physical or mental harm while employees conduct their jobs.
As of the end of 2023, the seven major manufacturing facilities covered by this report had 17,031 employees, with 93% permanent employees (15,861 employees) and 7% Employee Unions temporary employees (1,170 employees).
Classified by job categories, 1,113 employees USI respects employees' freedom of association.
Employees who have like-minded or interested were in management, 3,266 were in technical positions, 2,234 were in administrative partners can independently form associations.
They are also free to organize and join trade unions and positions, and 10,418 were in skilled positions.
USI employees hail from 11 countries; conduct collective consultations in accordance with relevant legal provisions.
USI will not interfere in classified by nationalities, there were 16,162 natives and 869 non-natives; classified any way with the establishment, operation, or management of trade unions.
USI will maintain smooth by locations, there were 8,660 employees in Mainland China, 4,138 employees in communication channels with the trade union, implement the matters related to employment, wage, Taiwan, 3,487 employees in Mexico, and 746 employees in Vietnam.
Please refer to the and termination, and the regulations on employee health, safety, and sanitation, so that both labor Sustainability Data   Social A. Workforce Structure table for other detailed classification and management can abide by them and form a labor union atmosphere for stable development.
Now, information.
except for the Nantou Facility and the Vietnam Facility, which have not established trade unions, the Zhangjiang Facility, Jinqiao Facility, Huizhou Facility, Kunshan Facility, and Mexico Facility have Employee Headcount established their trade unions, and group agreements are signed with the trade unions.
Employees participating in the trade union enjoy the protection of group agreements.
The group agreement 18,081 17,486 coverage rate is around 57% (1).
In 2023, with the Company's initiative-taking communication with 17,031 16,660 employees, there was no strike, which resulted from major labor disputes or work stoppages.
The Proportion of Employees Participating in Trade Unions 9,938 9,426 (55%) 9,271 9,133 40.4% (54%) 8,060 8,143 (56%) (54%) 7,898 (46%) (45%) 7,389 33.7% 35.1% 35.4% (44%) (46%) 6,887 5,900 6,350 5,901 2020 2021 2022 2023 Male Female Total Employees Note: 2020 2021 2022 2023 1.
Group agreement coverage rate = number of employees participating in the labor union in the facility   No.
of Join the Union No.
of Employees in Unions number of employees in the facility at the end of the period   100% 107 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Permanent/Temporary Employees (1) Job Category Distribution Geographic Distribution 1,113 746 10,418 1 (1,8 0%27 ) 2 (1,6 5%91 ) (9 67 %4 ) 1 (, 71 %7 )0 61% 7% (3 2, 27 %96 ) (4 2, 20 %57 ) 4,302 4(4 ,1% 38) 2,521 2,490 (26%) (24%) 15,659 15,390 15,686 15,861 3,266 (14%) (14%) 2,604 3,487 (90%) (85%) (94%) (93%) 19% 11,169 11,534 (16%) (21%) (64%) (64%) 9,754 8,660 (58%) (51%) 2,234 13% 2020 2021 2022 2023 2020 2021 2022 2023 Permanent Employees Temporary Employees Skilled Management Technical Administrative Mainland China Mexico Taiwan Vietnam (2) Top Management Distribution 99% 100% 1 100% 121 120 Mainland China Domestic 110 100% Mainland China Foreign Note: 52% 59% 58% 1.
Permanent (regular) employees refer to 84 Taiwan Domestic employees who have signed an indefinite 39 33 34 labor contract with the company.
Taiwan Foreign Temporary employees refer to employees who sign a fixed-term labor contract 41% Mexico Domestic with the company and are also called 26 42 47 46 Mexico Foreign c reo gn utr laa rc /t te ed m e pm op ralo ryy /e ce os n. tP re ar cm tea dn ee mnt p/ loyees 92% 80% are full-time employees.
3 100% 100% 1 0% Vietnam Domestic 2.
The proportion of domestic top 18 4 2 11 12 3 Vietnam Foreign m toa pn mag ae nm age en rt s p ino s ti hti eo Fn a  ciliN tyo .
of N d oo .
m oe f s at li lc   2020 2021 2022 2023 top managers in the Facility 100%   108 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement We are committed to creating a gender-friendly workplace so employees can fully utilize their talents in a diverse and inclusive workplace.
As of the end of 2023, female employees accounted for 46.4% of total employees, and there were 20% females in top management positions.
The proportion of females in top management positions has increased yearly since 2018.
We shall cultivate more female employees who can serve in top management positions.
We are working towards having 25% females in top management by 2028, allowing more females to participate in decision-making.
Gender Diversity Indicators Diversity Indicators (%) 2020 2021 2022 2023 Females in total employees 46.1% 45.0% 44.4% 46.4% Females in management positions 23.6% 22.6% 23.1% 23.6% Females in junior management positions (1) 26.2% 25.9% 25.6% 24.3% Females in middle management positions (2) 23.5% 20.3% 21.8% 24.8% Females in top management positions (3) 12.9% 17.6% 19.2% 20.1% Females in revenue-generation function 45.5% 47.9% 50.0% 50.6% management positions (4) Employees with Disabilities Females in STEM job positions (5) 22.3% 22.1% 21.7% 21.8% 101 We actively solve the employment problem of local citizens and people with disabilities across 83 83 our facilities and adhere to the principle of prioritizing recruiting "local talents".
Therefore, 95% of employees are local citizens where the facilities were located.
Over the years, the 73 proportion of local employees promoted to management positions has increased to 94%.
In 63 addition, we strive to tailor jobs suited for our disabled employees, so they have a greater sense of job accomplishment.
In 2023, 101 disabled employees were hired worldwide, accounting for 51 53 47 approximately 0.6% of the total employees.
We are willing to create more job opportunities to 38 hire more people with disabilities and hope to employ 200 disabled people by 2028.
32 30 26 Note: 1.
The junior management positions refer to section and sub-section heads.
2.
The middle management positions refer to department heads.
3.
The top management positions refer to the division heads and above.
2020 2021 2022 2023 4.
Revenue-generating functions: sales function, excluding support functions such as HR, IT, and Legal.
5.
STEM refers to personnel with job functions related to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics fields.
Male Female Total 109 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Recruiting the Right Talents USI recruits suitable professionals based on business development goals and competencies.
After receiving approved personnel demands, the recruiting department analyzes the labor market and RReeccrruuiittiinngg plans various recruitment channels and employment models.
We openly recruit talents through RRiigghhtt multiple channels, such as campus recruitment, employee recommendation programs, industrial- TTaalleennttss academic internship programs, corporate sharing sessions, online recruitment, and multimedia recruitment.
Then, according to each facility's labor needs, establish the most suitable employment relationship (such as full-time/part-time workers, permanent/temporary workers, dispatched CCoommpprreehheennssiivvee workers, or appointed professionals) and treat all applicants without prejudice or discrimination.
CCoommppeennssaattiioonn We use objective interview testing tools to screen candidates' occupational suitability, accumulating SSyysstteemm the energy required for our continuous growth and innovative research and development so that EEmmppllooyyeeee diversified talents from around the world can give full play to their strengths and meet different EEnnggaaggeemmeenntt customers and diverse market needs.
SSuurrvveeyy In 2023, USI recruited 9,499 new employees, including 8,949 direct employees (1) and 550 indirect employees (2).
We set up a mentor system and actively promote the "369 Three-Period Care for New Employees".
We assign mentors and provide training programs so new employees can quickly MMuullttii--FFaacceetteedd integrate into the Company.
We have a complete welfare system, a comfortable and convenient PPeerrffoorrmmaannccee working environment, and excellent communication channels.
We also care about our employees' AApppprraaiissaall SSyysstteemm work and life and hold celebrations to enhance employees' recognition and loyalty to USI and avoid the loss of human capital.
TTaalleenntt We value our employees' opinions.
Over the years, we have conducted Employee Satisfaction Surveys AAttttrraaccttiioonn aanndd and Employee Engagement Surveys to understand employees' expectations, listen to employees' RReetteennttiioonn voices, and put forward improvement plans to increase employees' willingness to stay in USI.
By analyzing the termination reasons of DL and IDL, we conduct corresponding improvement measures and propose a retention plan to reduce employee turnover.
In 2023, the overall turnover rate of the Company was 29.7%.
The DL turnover rate was 40.7%, and the IDL turnover rate was 12.6%.
USI has been established for nearly 50 years, so 49 employees were eligible and have retired this year.
In addition to the need to strengthen the internal interaction of the new employees due to the relocation of the Huizhou Facility and the expansion of the Nantou Facility and Mexico Facility, each facility has launched corresponding improvement plans in response to the reasons for employee resignation.
Regarding DL turnover, we strengthen the supervisory workforce arrangement ability by training, encouraging DL to participate in skills training, or changing the new positions to slow down the DL's turnover rate.
Regarding IDL turnover, in addition to strengthening employee care, enhancing smooth communication, and introducing organizational culture, systems, and benefits, we will take note of employee personal development plans and Note: arrange talent development courses.
Please refer to the Sustainability Data   Social B. New Hires 1.
Direct employees (DL) refer to employees working in skilled positions.
and Employee Turnover table for other detailed data breakdowns.
2.
Indirect employees (IDL) refer to employees working in management, technical, and administrative positions.
110 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Comprehensive Compensation System Overall Number and Ratio of New Hires Overall Turnover Numbers and Rates USI Compensation Philosophy 80 38.7 74 Recognize employees' contributions to the 33.7 28.8 29.7 Company, formulate the differences between each position, and maintain the balance of paying 54 55 salaries.
Respond to employees' performances appropriately 14,251 13,207 6,027 6,878 for encouraging employees and recruiting required 5,003 5,119 talents.
9,434 9,499 Provide employees fair and reasonable treatment and adjust the salary as responsibilities are enriched.
Adjust flexibly with the human resource market and 2020 2021 2022 2023 2020 2021 2022 2023 the changes in the organization.
No.
of New Employees New Entry Rate (%) No.
of Resigned Employees Employee Turnover Rate (%) USI abides by the requirements of local labor laws.
There are Number and Ratio of New IDL Employees IDL Turnover Numbers and Rates no different starting salaries and rewards based on employees' gender, religion, politics, and marital status.
We provide employees with consistent salary standards and benefits through 17 18 17 17.8 a fair, reasonable, and motivated salary assessment system.
After 13.6 14.3 reviewing employees' contributions and performance through a 12.6 multi-faceted evaluation system, outstanding employees shall be given reasonable and substantial returns that are monthly job bonuses, equity incentive plans (1), employee stock options, and 8 1,165 profit-sharing plans.
In addition, USI participates annually in well- 1,087 1,210 1,136 887 950 851 known public salary surveys held by local business consultants and regional salary associations to evaluate the overall economic indicators and market salary standards, external competitiveness 550 of talents, and labor market supply and demand conditions to promptly adjust our offer to reflect market prices and enables 2020 2021 2022 2023 2020 2021 2022 2023 employees to receive reasonable treatment and USI's overall No.
of New IDL Employees New IDL Entry Rate (%) No.
of Resigned IDL Employees IDL Employee Turnover Rate (%) compensation is competitive in the talent market.
Note: 1.
Equity incentive plan: refers to the purpose of attracting, retaining and motivating employees, while meeting both the official Company annual goals (return ratio on net assets is not less than 10% and the GHG emissions reduction is not less than 3,752.5 metric tonnes) and the employee individual performance rating requirement, then under the stock exercising condition, the incentive objectives (i.e., the Company's core business mid-level managers and technical employees, as well as relevant employees deemed by the Board of Directors to need incentives) have the right to exercise their eligible shares within the validity period to purchase Company stock at a price.
In 2023, employees who are not executives and are eligible to exercise their incentives accounted for 22% of all employees.
111 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement In 2023, USI adjusted the employee basic salary in each facility to maintain the competitiveness of the talent market.
The salary adjustment range of Mainland China Facilities is about 1.5% to 12.0%, the Nantou Facility is about 2.9% to 4.2%, the Mexico Facility is about 5.5% to 16.0%, and the Vietnam Facility is about 7.0% to 8.0%.
The ratio of the standard starting salary of DL to the local minimum salary is about 1.00~2.51 after calculation.
The ratio of basic salary (1) and compensation (2) of females and males (3) in each facility are shown in the table: Zhangjiang Jinqiao Huizhou Kunshan Nantou Mexico Vietnam (4) Ratio of DL starting salaries to local minimum wages 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.05 1.00 1.00 2.51 Ratio of the basic salary of females and males (5) 0.95 1.05 0.99 1.00 0.97 0.84 0.94 Management Position Ratio of the compensation of females and males 0.98 1.01 0.99 0.97 0.95 0.89 0.93 Ratio of the basic salary of females and males 1.12 0.94 0.91 1.03 0.85 0.83 1.00 Technical Position Ratio of the compensation of females and males 1.16 0.96 0.95 1.02 0.81 0.83 0.91 Ratio of the basic salary of females and males 0.90 0.98 0.89 0.86 0.87 0.82 1.02 Administrative Position Ratio of the compensation of females and males 0.90 1.04 0.89 0.84 0.85 0.85 0.99 Ratio of the basic salary of females and males 1.00 0.97 1.01 0.97 0.96 1.01 1.00 Skilled Position Ratio of the compensation of females and males 0.99 0.97 1.02 0.96 0.93 1.01 1.10 Employee Communication We actively establish a positive employee relationship and continuously maintain an open, mutual WeChat Enterprise ID 48 President/GM LinkedIn: 19,000 Symposiums trust, and smooth one/two-way communication environment so that employees can instantly followers Instant 35 New Employee Outreach understand company trends and workplace-related rights and obligations and protect employee External Facebook Feedback & 9 Foreign Employees Caring rights and interests.
In addition, we arrange courses to introduce the channels for employees Platform Meeting Meetings to express their opinions, the locations of Employee Suggestion Boxes, and how to fill in the 75 Employee Feedback relevant information.
We listen to employees' voices by holding regular senior executive seminars, Meetings providing instant feedback meetings and channels, conducting questionnaires, and taking practical Communication within Employee engagement survey actions to promote harmony in labor-management relations.
In 2023, there were 167 employee working unit T rade union participation: communication seminars in total (48 President/General Manager Symposiums, 35 New Employees HR and Employee Internal 2-Way 5 facilities have trade unions Outreach, 9 Foreign Employees Caring Meetings, and 75 Employee Feedback Meetings) and Relations staff Communication Communication with a 57% participation rate vigorously push and disseminate communication messages through various media and strengthen Physical/electronic H old regular labor/employee bulletin board conferences the promotion of information on internal and external reporting and feedback channels when the E-mail Employee suggestion box messages are conveyed.
Whether employees submit suggestions through electronic or physical Employee Self-Service G eneral Affairs Service employee suggestion boxes, employee complaint hotlines, employee relations networks, or other Network (ESS) Platform means, the corresponding responsible unit members will deal with the opinions expressed as Newsletter soon as possible and provide feedback.
In 2023, there were 395 employee suggestions, and the Video wall Harmonious Labor Relations corresponding units responded in the shortest time.
broadcasts Note: 1.
Salary refers to the monthly remuneration paid to employees, including basic pay, allowance, and bonuses (i.e., 3.
Due to regional differences, there will be big differences in Mainland China Facilities' ratios.
meal allowance, shift allowance, supper allowance, overseas expatriate allowance, position allowance, monthly 4.
Ratio of the direct employee starting salary to local minimum salary = direct employee starting salary local   work bonus, and full attendance bonus).
minimum salary 2.
Compensation is the sum of salary and bonuses.
Bonuses refer to non-monthly remuneration (such as three 5.
Ratio of female to male salary/compensation = female salary/compensation male salary/compensation   festival bonuses, profit sharing, job performance bonuses, and special bonuses).
112 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Employee Benefits Considering the different needs of all employees around the world in terms of Employee Support Programs food, housing, education, entertainment, transportation, and physical and mental health, USI provides employees with considerate welfare systems and insurance Conduct stress adjustment surveys, provide psychological Workplace stress plans, provides facilities for physical and mental development, and designs various counseling services, lectures and activities on physical and management activities to enhance physical and mental fitness, so as to Employees who have the mental health, art, culture & movie appreciation employment relationship with USI can also have a balanced life with their families Employee Sports activities: the Company subsidizes various sports while working.
For more details, please refer to Sustainability Data   Social H. Benefits Sport & health associations to organize activities and activity venues Comprehensive Welfare System.
initiatives Health management: annual physical examination, full-time medical staff to provide free medical consultation Flexible Working Hours Set multiple working periods for one shift, for example: Due to USI's globalization, cross-site and cross-time zone communication has 8:00-17:00, 8:30-17:30 and 9:00-18:00 for the day shift, to become increasingly frequent.
We set up multiple working hours for the same shift Flexible working meet different job requirements.
Employees who need to based on the principle of flexible working to meet the employees' needs of working hours take care of their families or study can also apply to work Work in different business hours or time zones.
If any employee has the need for family in the approved time period that works for their multiple Conditions care or takes an education, an employee can apply for a change of working hours responsibilities after obtaining the approval of the supervisor.
Set Global Remote Work Guidelines that provides subsidies Working-from-home for work equipment purchase and meal allowance to the Distanced Working (Working from Home) arrangements employees who apply to work from home "Emergency Management" is a must-have capability for business sustainable Childcare facilities Tuition and miscellaneous fees discounts for preschool management.
To reduce the Company's risk of being unable to operate due to or contributions childcare service contractors factors such as natural disasters, fires, and notifiable infectious diseases, USI has Breastfeeding room There is a breastfeeding room in each Facility implemented a remote working model.
Employees can comply with the "Global and benefits Breastfeeding leave: 60 minutes of breastfeeding time per day Remote Office Guidelines" to apply to work from home and receive reimbursement Maternity leave: Mainland China Facilities: more than 22 for purchasing working equipment and meals.
As of the end of 2023, 538 employees Maternity leave, weeks; Nantou Facility: 8 weeks; Mexico Facility: 12 weeks; around the world were applying to work remotely.
pregnancy checkups Vietnam Facility: 26 weeks leave Pregnancy checkups leave: Mainland China Facilities: 4 hours Physical and Mental Health Management Family each time; Nantou Facility: 7 days; Vietnam Facility: 5 days Benefits USI implements an employee assistance program to help employees adjust to work Paternity leave: Mainland China Facilities: 15 days for giving stress through stress adjustment questionnaires and cooperating with hospitals to birth accompany; Nantou Facility: 7 days in total for giving provide psychological counseling services.
We organize physical and mental health birth or checkup accompany; Mexico Facility: 5 days for giving lectures and activities, hold art appreciation events, and see movies to manage Paternity leave, birth accompany; Vietnam Facility: 5-14 days for giving birth work stress through multiple channels.
Simultaneously, USI provides event venues parental leave accompany and subsidizes various sports clubs to hold activities.
It encourages employees to Parental leave: Mainland China Facilities: 5-10 days a year exercise for good physical health.
with pay; Nantou Facility: Maximum 6 months; Vietnam Facility: 20 days a year 113 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Employee Benefits and Subsidies Family Support In response to government policies to encourage childbirth and address the aging population, USI has adjusted appropriate Benefit Amount Benefit Item Beneficiaries shifts, provided convenient parking spaces, additional meal quotas, and maternity subsidies for pregnant employees.
We provide (CNY) maternity, pregnancy check-up, paternity, and accompanying pregnancy check-up leaves.
We set up a breastfeeding room so Three Festival Gift 25,335 8,620,844 employees that breastfeed have a comfortable room and are entitled to breastfeeding leave every day.
Those who need childcare Certificate services can choose a daycare institution contracting with USI for special discounts to take care of children during working hours.
Birthday Gift If need to take care of the families for a longer period, employees can also apply for family care leave or parental leave (1) to fully 14,906 3,900,774 Certificate take care of them.
In accordance with local laws and regulations, employees can apply for reinstatement after the expiration of parental leave; for sure, USI will also proactively remind employees of the deadline for parental leave.
In 2023, the number of Employee newborns in the entire factory was 409, and both the reinstatement rate and the retention rate increased, showing that USI's Continued 208 355,755 maternity benefits and measures make employees more willing to become new parents.
Education Subsidy Scholarships Parental Leave in Nantou Facility for Employees' 5,098 2,549,083 Children 2023 Item 2020 2021 2022 Retirement Gift 38 55,610 Male Female Total Total 45,585 15,482,066 Employees qualified to apply for parental leave that 298 280 192 78 24 102 year (2) Subsidy Subsidy Amount Employees that applied for parental leave that year 23 34 34 8 27 35 Subsidy Item Recipients (CNY) Employees expected to return from leave that year 14 25 34 15 27 42 Wedding Subsidy 318 120,307 Employees that returned from leave that year 14 17 23 13 20 33 Childbirth Subsidy 100 146,143 Employees that returned from leave the previous year 11 14 17 8 15 23 Travel Subsidy 6,621 2,676,168 Employees reinstated in the previous year and 11 11 8 7 13 20 continued to work for more than one year Hospital Consolation 124 28,979 Reinstatement rate (3) for parental leave 100% 68% 68% 87% 74% 79% Subsidy Retention rate (4) after back from parental leave 100% 79% 47% 88% 87% 87% Condolence 132 80,151 Note: Payment 1.
Parental leave: Mainland China Facilities: 5-10 days of paid leave a year before the child is 3 years old; Vietnam Facility: 20 days a year before the child is 3 years old, and 15 days before the child is 7 years old.
Emergency 5 30,599 2.
Eligibility for parental leave in the current year: those who have taken paternity leave or pregnancy leave (20 weeks or more) from 2019 to 2023 and are Assistance still working in 2023.
3.
Reinstatement rate: the number of people actually reinstated after parental leave in the current year the number of people who should be reinstated in Total 7,299 3,082,348   the current year after parental leave 100%   4.
Retention rate: the number of people who were still employed 12 months after the childcare leaves in the previous year the number of people who were   returned to work after the childcare leave in the previous year 100%   114 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Employee Retirement Plan Work-Life Balance USI and its subsidiaries provide pension insurance and elder insurance in accordance with the retirement laws Based on the three tenets of Health, Happiness, and Learning, USI sponsors and regulations of each business location.
Employees who meet the statutory retirement conditions can apply various clubs every year to organize various activities and promote the for retirement to withdraw pensions or apply for elder annuities in accordance with the law.
In 2023, there were physical and spiritual development of employees.
28 retired employees at the Nantou Facility, 11 at the Mainland China Facilities, and 10 at the Mexico Facility, for a total of 49 retired employees.
USI has allocated CNY 232,422,846.31 in total for the retirement programs Three Main Themes of Employee Activities of all facilities (1).
USI's relevant retirement systems are as follows: Nantou (Old System) Only a healthy body can create infinite Legal compliance: possibilities.
By improving employees' I n accordance with the Labor Standards Act, the retirement provision fund is submitted to the Labor knowledge and environment of a healthy Retirement Reserve Supervisory Committee and deposited into a special account in the Bank of Taiwan Health life, efficiency is improved, and productivity in the name of the committee; an actuarial assessment is conducted every year to determine whether is doubled the balance of the special account is sufficient to pay the expected amount payable for the year.
If there is insufficient payment for possible retirement payments, the estimated amount needs to be made up to the special account in the following year.
Retirement benefits are calculated based on the employee's average salary in the six months before retirement multiplied by the seniority base.
Provision ratio: The philosophy of happiness is the magic 2 % of the employee's total monthly salary is appropriated to the employee retirement fund by the wand to create win-win for a company and its employer.
employees.
If failure is the mother of success, 2023 actual results: A total of CNY 15,524,339 was withdrawn from the retirement reserve fund, and the balance at the end happiness will be the father of success.
was CNY 128,165,752.
Happiness Employees get their passion and inspiration from happiness, whereas happiness is the spring of power that keeps employees going Mainland China, Nantou (New System), Mexico and Vietnam Legal compliance: I n accordance with local social insurance law, Mainland China Facilities and Vietnam Facility pay monthly deposit fees according to the corresponding proportion of the deposit base.
Learning keeps you young.
Learning is to I n accordance with the Labor Pension Act, the Nantou Facility requires employers and employees to take care of employees for the rest of their contribute a fixed proportion of the employee's salary to the individual account every month lives.
Learning programs are developed for according to the pension level.
Employees' monthly withdrawals are tax-free.
employees' career development.
Looking for I n accordance with the local retirement benefit plan, the Mexico Facility establishes pension savings accounts for employees and makes monthly deposits based on the fixed proportion of employees' Learning the fun of learning keeps life going and makes employees willing to work harder salaries.
Contribution ratio: Mainland China Facilities: employer 16%; employees 8% Nantou Facility: employer 6%; employee 0-6% Mexico Facility: employer 8%; employee 2% Note: Vietnam Facility: employer 14%; employee 8% 1.
All facilities include Zhangjiang, Jinqiao, Huizhou, Kunshan, Nantou, Mexico and Vietnam 2023 actual results: Facilities, other manufacturing facilities, and sales offices.
A total of CNY 216,898,508 was deposited to employee individual accounts.
115 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement To organize employees' welfare and activities and maintain harmony between labor and Employee Activities management, USI encourages employees to well-plan their personal time for job and their families.
We invite our employees and their families to participate in the activities, create a Sporting Competitions happy learning atmosphere, provide employees with spiritual joy, implement the purpose of "life skills, skills life".
At the same time as joining those employee activities, we cultivate team Employees can enhance their physical fitness, improve their skills, and understanding, create a harmonious working atmosphere, and greatly improve work efficiency.
enrich their cultural life through physical exercise, technology, training, and competitive competitions.
USI attaches great importance to employee health and actively promotes employees to build exercise habits by sponsoring the activities of 38 various clubs.
We plan and improve various facilities, regularly hold various lectures, activities, and competitions.
In 2023, USI has provided a total of approximately CNY 1.5 million and organized a total of 205 employee activities, with 28,870 event participants.
205 Activities 28,870 Participants 2 1 sporting activities 1 ,708 participated in sporting 121 health activities competitions 4 5 other activities, ex.
5 ,606 participated in health celebrity talks, DIY activities, activities and Women's Day celebrations 2 1,126 participated in cultural 1 8 charity/volunteer service activities activities 38 Clubs 4 30 participated in charity/ volunteer service activities 3 0 sports & health clubs 5 arts & culture clubs 3 charity clubs 116 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Art and LOHAS Energy Supplement Provide employees with various art and cultural activities to promote Provide employees with various talks and appreciation, DIY activities for physical and spiritual exploration and growth.
stress relief, and obtain knowledge in other fields when improving self- energy.
117 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Employee Performance Appraisal and Development Through a fair and comprehensive performance management system, USI connects the Company's Warmth and Gratitude overall strategic goals with employees' individual objectives and performance measurement standards and regularly evaluates employees' work performance during the evaluation cycle Participate in social activities, offer blessings and care to colleagues and according to job category.
The performance appraisal (PA) process is a review committee those who need help, gather solidarity among colleagues, show humanistic consisting of upper-level supervisors, supervisors of upstream and downstream business units or care, and realize self-achievement.
colleagues, and customer opinions.
The PA evaluates individual performance from multiple angles.
Supervisors need to provide development suggestions and forced ranking results.
According to the performance appraisal results, rewards, training plans, and various career development opportunities are provided.
Those with excellent performance and potential are actively promoted and cultivated through an open and transparent promotion mechanism, providing higher responsibilities and compensation.
Salary rewards motivate employees to achieve individual and unit objectives and move towards the Company's overall goals.
AApppplliiccaattiioonn Set goals Promotion and working PPllaannnniinngg nominations plans Compensation AApppprraaiissaall incentives EExxeeccuuttiioonn Career developments Review and follow-up Evaluating system (self-evaluation adjustments and PA Committee) Coach and motivate Performance review and feedback Individual development plan 118 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Employee Performance Appraisal Types Types of PA Target Frequency Practices Ongoing/ In the performance management system (Success Factor), supervisors can review job progress and working attitude and annual KPIs with Agile Conversations IDL all the time employees online by weekly or monthly regular reviews, or irregular reviews and provide employees timely guidance and feedback on a rolling basis.
Employees input their work plans and quantifiable KPIs on Success Factor at the beginning of each year.
After discussing the KPIs with their Management by Objectives direct supervisor and agreeing with both parties, employees put their KPI based on this consensus.
During the performance appraisal period, ALL Semi/annual and Ranking the supervisors provide their consultation and motivation to the employees to complete the assigned tasks.
At the end of the appraisal cycle, the evaluation and forced ranking are conducted according to the achievement of each objective.
In the spirit of project management, cross-functional/departmental individuals work together to complete project goals.
The project leader is Ongoing/ Team-based Matrix responsible for confirming and tracking the work executing status of each project member during the project.
The project members report to IDL all the time Management the project leader and the organizationally direct supervisor simultaneously.
The project leader will participate in the performance appraisal Semi/annual meeting of the project members to provide their observation and member's working performance.
It is a review committee, consisting of upper-level supervisors, supervisors of upstream and downstream business units or colleagues, customer Multi-dimensional IDL Semi/annual opinions, etc.
, and the judges jointly evaluate the individual performance from multiple angles.
Supervisors need to provide development Management suggestions and forced ranking results.
Multi-skilled Qualification The line instructors will assess every employee to see whether their competency of working on the production line, machine operation, product DL Quarterly Assessment inspection, and exception elimination is qualified or not.
(1~2) Employee and Distribution of Taking Regular Performance Appraisal and Competency Review Performance Appraisal Competency Review Gender Position No.
of Employees Percentage of Number of Number of No.
of Employees Percentage of Taking Taking Performance Taking Performance Employees Employees Taking Review Review Appraisal Appraisal Management 829 829 100% 792 792 100% Technical 2,616 2,616 100% 2,616 2,616 100% Male Administrative 840 840 100% 840 840 100% Skilled 3,695 3,695 100% 3,695 3,695 100% Subtotal 7,980 7,980 100% 7,943 7,943 100% Management 260 260 100% 258 258 100% Technical 553 553 100% 553 553 100% Female Administrative 1,338 1,338 100% 1,338 1,338 100% Skilled 4,959 4,959 100% 4,959 4,959 100% Subtotal 7,110 7,110 100% 7,108 7,108 100% Total 15,090 15,090 100% 15,051 15,051 100% Note: 1.
Qualification of Performance Appraisal and Competency Review: employees that have passed the three-month probationary assessment are assumed to be qualified.
However, those who haven't passed the probationary assessment, or those on leave without pay for over three months are not listed for performance appraisal and competency review.
2.
Vice presidents and above do not file their competency review in the system.
119 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Employee Engagement Survey Employee engagement affects the employees' willingness of devoting themselves to their work, According to the results of the 2023 employee engagement survey, the overall employee offering others their work experiences and suggestions for improvement, and it also affects engagement was 80%.
We had higher engagement with our employees in three aspects of team the smoothness when they perform their jobs.
Therefore, employee engagement has a positive collaboration, supervisor supporting, and organizational efficiency and personal development, impact on USI.
USI conducted the first biennial survey with expert consultants in 2017.
We organizational efficiency, and inspiration are our three priorities in the future to promote hope that this can help us effectively understand and collect employees' opinions and use it as Sustainability Engagement.
The next employee engagement survey will be conducted in 2025.
a policy tool for attracting, retaining, and cultivating talents, thereby improving the Company's processes, strategy, and various measures to be closer to the employees' needs and achieve a Year 2019 2021 2023 2025 win-win situation between USI and employees.
Items Target Result Target Result Target Result Target In 2021, we implemented a new survey structure and measurement benchmark (1), adding the sustainable development index, which are the 3 categories of sustainable engagement, Engagement (%) 75 77 80 84 83 80 85 retention rate, and ESG, in the participation survey, which can listen to the voices of employees more deeply and effectively, get closer to employees' expectations to achieve the goal of Data coverage (%) 80 76 80 89 85 83 85 attracting and retaining talents.
In 2023, we conducted a 14-day employee engagement survey and invited 15,516 DL and IDL We also used the employee wellbeing measurement index developed by the University of who joined USI before June 30 to participate in the survey.
A total of 12,878 valid questionnaires Oxford's Wellbeing Research Center to analyze our Employee Engagement Survey across 4 were collected, and the effective response rate (coverage rate) of the questionnaire was 83%.
dimensions: job satisfaction, purpose, stress, and happiness.
Employee Wellbeing Measurement Index Employee Experience Sustainability Indexes (4 Dimensions, 12 Categories) (3 Categories) Results (%) Purpose Work Reward People Sustainable Engagement Engaged Job Enabled Satisfaction Purpose Energized 79 78 Inspiration Drive Growth Trust Retention Pull force Inclusion Voice Capability Collaboration Push Stress Happiness Understanding Organization Fair Pay Support ESG Environment 84 80 Society Governance Note: 1.
Measurement: the survey is on a 5-point scale, and the results are calculated based on the sum of two positive evaluations of Strongly Agree (5) and Agree (4).
120 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Human Capital Development Employees are important assets of USI.
They are also the spirit of and motivation for the Company to progress and grow.
Therefore, USI has been devoted to investing in talents and created a learning organization culture to provide employees with the most appropriate resources and effective learning models, helping them to enhance themselves and show their value in relevant expertise.
Dual Career Ladder Through diversified educational training, USI helps its employees cultivate professional abilities USIU provides a holistic learning and development framework for employees to actively retain and grow and improve learning effectiveness.
The most important learning and development talents by strengthening the "Dual Career System" of management and professional positions.
system in the USI cultivation program is USI University (USIU).
USIU sets up College of With a mission of realizing high operational performance, USI establishes an innovative Management, College of Technology, College of Quality, College of Manufacturing, College of learning environment and is committed to improving employee professional quality, leadership Sustainability, and General Knowledge Center.
The principal of USIU is served by the Company's management, and innovative research and development capabilities inside the organization.
president, and the deans of each college and General Knowledge Center are served by vice It has targeted employees with different competences to plan various employee training and presidents with reputation and expertise in various fields.
USIU integrates global learning courses, provide them with a complete learning platform, help them to solve work issues, and resources for employees to learn and develop.
enhance their professional capability to reach organizational targets.
Executives Technical/Prof.
Manager t n Expert/Lecturer e m Division Mgr.
Staff E An dg vi an ne ce er d/ A Trd am ini in ni gs trator P o si ti o Competency evelop DepartmeU ntM MBA g ( r1 .
) n C p D MTP (2) Senior Engineer/Administrator e r hi ti s Middle Training fi er Section Mgr.
c d MIT (3) a ti ea o L Engineer/Administrator n Supervisor Basic Training TWI (4) New Employee Management Technology USI Camp Orientation USI University Forum Forum USI Motto: Realizing IDEAS Together Note: 1.
UMBA, USI Master of Business Administration 3.
MIT, Manager Initial Training 2.
MTP, Manager Training Program 4.
TWI, Training Within Industry for Supervisors 121 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Diversified Channels and Platforms of Learning USIU provides employees with all-round training courses that talents need to take.
It offers Cultivating talents in the VUCA (1) era to cope with the changing environment in the future is an not only diversified training content but also designed the training methods and relevant important part of the sustainable development of enterprises.
It requires talents to build new activities based on the different course categories.
The courses include training in the capabilities by accumulating different practical experience, cross-border experience, and using classroom, e-learning training, on-job training, and external training.
These courses enable "Role Swap" to allow employees to grow and move between separate roles and teams according employees to learn and continue their education in a more efficient and flexible manner.
Under to their personal career development goals and organizational development needs.
The launch multiple learning models and a precise and solid training framework, we plan internal and of the talent training plan will lead those who are at the helm who are striving forward in the external training and build diverse, innovative learning channels to inspire employees to grow turbulent waves to tap their potential by constantly accepting challenges, trying multiple cross- continuously.
So, more employees can show the training results through process reengineering, border development to cultivate a comprehensive perspective, and jointly create a stage fulfilled research and development achievement, project execution, and innovation, and apply what with a sense of belonging and achievement.
Therefore, based on the intersection of the three they have learned to the practice field of work.
cores, "Individual Ability, Individual Interest, and Organizational Demands", we establish an Individual Development Planning management mechanism.
This is a structured learning plan led by employees.
Through the assistance of supervisors, employees and their supervisors jointly Diverse Learning Modes set up their individual career development plan and individual growth plan and will achieve the development goals that are consistent with USI's strategic mission and goals together.
Supervisor Guidance At the same time, various forums and keynotes are held on a regular basis to improve various SOP Training employees' competencies by sharing and communication from famous industry leaders and C ore Competence E-System colleagues.
In 2023, there were 2,080 participants in the leadership and management forums, M anagement Competence Competence OJT Professional Knowledge 270 participants in the technology forums, and 309 participants in the sustainable development and Skills lectures to cultivate and strengthen their own abilities to accept new challenges.
Internal Sharing Confirmation Self-Assessment College of Management Study (Books, Journals, College of Technology College Self- Network...
etc.
) College of Quality learning External Training, Lecture, Self-Reflection & Self-Assessment Using SWOT (2) Career Exploration Analysis College of Manufacturing Seminar College of Sustainability On-the-Job Training Goals Identification Build a Win-Win Strategy and Development General Knowledge Center Professional Accreditation Evaluation & Development Plan Implement e-platform (LMS, Global OA, SOP, DMP, PDM) Adjustment Formulate Annual One Small Step a Day; Follow-up, Sharing & USI Motto: Realizing IDEAS Together SMART (3) Goals Self-Reflection Feedback, Consult & Listen Note: The 70-20-10 Rule (4) Seek Feedback and Support Recording, Adjustment & 1.
VUCA, Volatility, Uncertainty, Complexity, Ambiguity Face Obstacles Continuous Improvement 2.
SWOT, Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats Commitment and 3.
SMART, Specific, Measurable, Attainable, Relevant, Time-Based Motivation 4.
The 70-20-10 Rule, Learning by Doing   Learning from Others   Learning by Curriculum 122 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement In the post-epidemic era, we have optimized our training platform and course production tools and replaced some physical face-to-face courses with digital courses.
At the same time, we have made our course content more streamlined and vivid, and where and when to take the training is more flexible.
In 2023, the total training hours were 417,418 hours, and the average per employee was trained for 24.5 hours (1).
The total training cost exceeds CNY 10.4 million.
For details, please refer to the Sustainability Data   Social G. Training Hours and Cost table.
Training Statistics by Employee Category Employee Training Hours 2023 Category 31.0 30.7 Total Training Hours Average Training Hours 28.8 Male 252,436 27.6 Female 164,983 20.9 24.5 Management Position 34,349 30.9 577,370 592,663 480,548 Technical Position 138,562 42.4 417,418 Administrative Position 38,386 17.2 Skilled Position 206,122 19.8 New Employees 159,347 16.8 Total Employees 417,418 24.5 2020 2021 2022 2023 Total Training Hours Average Training Hours Training Statistics by Topic Training Topic Environment Health and Safety Human Rights Green Product Business Ethics Enterprise Risk Cybersecurity Total Training Hours 25,431 36,268 21,436 10,970 13,988 7,607 12,542 No.
of Employees 18,173 19,510 20,611 12,908 17,439 7,768 8,449 Average Training Hours 1.4 1.9 1.0 0.8 0.8 1.0 1.5 Note: 1.
Average training hours total training hours total employee headcount at the end of the year     123 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Tailored Career Plan The design concept of the USI's training courses is dual-track development courses to Competency Training Courses provide rich and diverse training courses and digital learning resources for all managerial USI systematically improves employees' professional capabilities and organizational and professional positions.
To begin with the end in mind, we take the Koch four-level competitiveness, and tailors training courses to job roles and different functional development.
training evaluation model as a foundation to design training materials to provide rich and We use the management and professional dual-function model as a framework to plan professional diverse training courses and digital learning resources for employees in different professional courses at various levels to improve individual employees' abilities to achieve better performance.
positions.
From 2020, USI has standardized learning content in response to the needs of the Company's sustainable development and produced courses in English, Chinese, Spanish, In terms of professional skills certification, the Kunshan Facility became the first batch of High- Vietnamese, and other languages, allowing our colleagues to quickly understand policies and skilled Certification Enterprises of Jiangsu Province in 2019.
In 2021, it has already had the ability to important messages conveyed by the Company.
certify three types of jobs (as special installation and adjustment electronic equipment technician, debugging broadcasting and communication equipment technician, and electronic installation in Managerial Competencies broadcasting and communication equipment technician) and four levels of qualifications for junior, middle, high, and advanced technicians.
As of 2023, we have trained a total of 2,685 certified skilled To ensure that the internal management talents meet the Company's development technicians, including 711 junior technicians, 810 intermediate technicians, 815 senior technicians, demands, we arrange management cadres to train managers at all levels according to and 349 advanced technicians.
This project allows USI to establish its own ability of training and the Company policies, core skills, management functions, human resources, financial evaluating professionals, to improve individual professional functions and cultivate and retain accounting, and other concepts to prepare the Company's management echelon.
We talents for the organization.
According to the 2023 training plan, 780 professionals, around 4.6% of hold strategic leadership development programs (TWI/MIT/MTP/BU Head Cultivation) the employees, were trained and gained certifications.
The estimated benefit was CNY 4,194,769.
to obtain benefits such as strengthening management capabilities to their subordinates improving teamwork efficiency, planning the best workforce for the organization, Improve the Liveliness of Learning reducing personnel costs, and reorganizing space layout.
416 employees, around 2.4% To motivate employees to learn and keep their motivation continuously in a dynamic state, USI of the employees, attended the training according to the 2023 training plan.
The provides various activities to allow employees to continue learning with laughter and builds USI as estimated benefit was CNY 1,816,233.
a learning organization.
The IT Hackathon competition will continue its activity in 2023.
Employees with different professional backgrounds formed as a team to compete and worked together to solve the current thorny problems with their creativity in various fields.
In language learning, there were Professional Competencies Chinese learning courses at the Mexico Facility, face-to-face English courses at Mainland China Facilities and the Nantou Facility.
Employees practiced their English with real-life exercises in the USI implements a position certification system and establishes a professional ability USI International (English) Speakers Club and USI English Salon activities.
And we even held "The verification mechanism for each position so that every employee in the same position Spelling Bee" competition to enhance colleagues' motivation for English learning and create a has certain professional skills.
Through the Professional Position Certification, cultural atmosphere of diverse learning.
In organizational culture, we held the "Accountability Case employees shall improve their key capabilities such as problem analysis and problem- Competition" to allow employees to display their creativity while playing the role of screenwriters.
solving and provide them with a clear career roadmap for self-development.
We include problem-solving training as part of our mid-level training program.
After the training, it generates more solutions which lead to greater and more productive outputs than one employee can likely generate.
Even better, those outputs are coordinated with every aspect of the work contributing to the team's success.
189 technical employees, around 1.1% of the employees, attended this training program according to the 2023 training plan.
The estimated benefit was CNY 1,200,133.
Spelling Bee 124 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Strengthen Employee Sustainable Employment Ability and Internal Instructor Training Program Lifelong Learning Program Over the years, USI has trained and certified employees through the internal instructor system to serve as lecturers, forming a good knowledge inheritance culture, and giving full play to In an era of ever-increasing demand for comprehensive talents, professionals with merely one internal human resources and influence to provide employees with high-quality and forward- skill are no longer enough to meet the working demands.
USI has, therefore, continuously looking courses to cultivate world-class talents for the Company to enhance the Company's enhanced employees' sustainable employment ability, assisted employees in acquiring skills and global competitiveness.
By the end of 2023, 1,129 instructors have passed the internal ability management and lifetime learning programs that are required for a job transfer in the instructor program.
future.
Starting from 2018, Zhangjiang, Kunshan, and Mexico Facilities have invited local colleges or universities to cooperate and hold 14 in-house academic degree courses in the facility, so that employees can avoid the commuting trouble and make the best use of their time to get a high 1,118 1,129 school, college, or university diplomas/degrees.
As of the end of 2023, a total of 312 employees have been supported to obtain academic degrees, and a total of 155 employees have been 867 833 supported to obtain academic degrees in 2023.
The categories of employees' degrees and their majors are shown as follows: High 774 777 Category Masters University College School No.
of employees 2 56 62 35 586 580 Business Information engineering, Business None administration, environmental design, management, 344 352 electrical computer science and visual 287 247 engineering technology, human communication resources management, design and business administration, production, 2020 2021 2022 2023 exhibition economics logistics and management, management Male Female Total Internal Instructors financial management, Major administrative management, transportation, automobile application engineering, internet of things engineering, visual communication design, advertising, logistics management, e-commerce logistics 125 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement SSoocciiaall IInnvvoollvveemmeenntt To manage our relationships with our surrounding communities and the environment, USI actively engages in corporate citizenship through external participation and four approaches: Investing in Education, Contributing to Society, Conserving the Environment, and Promoting Arts & Culture.
Together, we can create social value and build a sustainable future.
CNY  .
Million  ,  Volunteer Hours Invested in Social Involvement Contributed to Local Communities  ,  Trees  ,  Students Planted in the Reached through   Rural Million Tree Project Revitalization Programs   Students  ,  kg Participated in Industrial- Community Waste Reduced Academic Partnerships in a Year Key Stakeholders: Employees, Communities, Industry Unions/Associations SDGs 126 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Sustainable Issue Performance and Targets Material Issue Achieved Not Achieved Management Purpose KPI 2023 Target 2023 Performance Status 2024 Target 2028 Target Management Approach: Focus investment in accordance with the USI Public Affairs Engagement Policy and encourage employees to volunteer in social activities through the Corporate Volunteer Regulations.
Social Involvement Evaluation Mechanism: Adopt the LBG framework and SROI methodology to assess social activities input, output, and outcome, and adjust investments to create more value.
Rural area reading Hold 6 reading activities Hold 6 reading activities Hold 6 reading activities Held 6 reading activities activities in rural areas in rural areas in rural areas Conduct 2 research Number of industrial- Promote industrial- Conducted 4 industrial- Conduct 2 industrial- industrial-academic academic partnerships academic partnerships academic partnerships academic partnerships partnerships Number of interns Admit 30 interns Admitted 106 interns Admit 60 interns Admit 200 interns Number of USIU classes Share 20 USIU classes Shared 20 USIU classes Share 25 USIU classes Share USIU 40 classes shared Number of students 2,732 students Support 1,100 rural Support 1,500 rural Support 2,000 rural Effective management of social benefiting from rural supported through students students students activities investment to maximize revitalization programs 6 programs social value for both the company and the beneficiaries Number of volunteers Reach 500 volunteers Reached 535 volunteers Reach 500 volunteers Reach 2,000 volunteers Number of art groups Supported 4 art groups Support 3 art groups Support 3 art groups Support 3 art groups supported and 10 artists Plant 14,000 trees in the Plant 14,000 trees in the Plant 14,000 trees in Number of trees planted Planted 21,268 trees Corporate Forest Corporate Forest the Corporate Forest Amount of trash picked Pick up or reduce 200 kg Reduced 35,040 kg of Pick up or reduce 300 kg Pick up or reduce 1,000 or reduced of trash trash after waste sorting of trash kg of trash Number of Hold 2 environmental Held 2 environmental Hold 2 environmental Hold 5 environmental environmental seminars seminars seminars seminars seminars held 127 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Social Activities Overview As a corporate citizen, we believe that social involvement is more than monetary investments.
To measure the social value of our programs, we adapted the LBG framework to make better Our contributions should be anchored in sustainable development and contribute to community decisions, be more accountable, and maximize the effectiveness of each program by evaluating development, making a positive impact.
As the top management for Social Involvement, the our inputs, outputs, and impact.
USI invested CNY 9.25 million (1) in 86 social activities and 40 Sustainability Committee established our Public Affairs Engagement Policy and Corporate external organizations in 2023 and engaged 535 employees to volunteer 3,645 hours of service Volunteer Regulations to systemically manage and focus our strategic direction.
We encourage throughout the year.
employees to volunteer in social activities that align with our four approaches: Investing in Education, Contributing to Society, Conserving the Environment, and Promoting Arts and Culture.
The following figures show the ratio of CNY Invested by type of approach (2), type of activities, and type of contribution: Investment by Approach Investment by Type of Activity Type of Contribution 20 24 24 32 38 5 8 3 46 32 164,868 49 2% 7 13 9 50 21 8 217,418 8,381,252 14 4 37 65 2% 87% 56 867,497 49 49 46 43 9% 25 23 2020 2021 2022 2023 2020 2021 2022 2023 Percentage of total costs (%) Percentage of total costs (%) Unit: CNY Investing in Contributing Conserving the Promoting Commercial Community Charitable Cash In-Kind Time Mangement Education to Society Environment Culture & Arts Initiatives Investments Donation Contributions Giving Overheads Note: 1.
Total social investment costs are based on cash and in-kind giving.
Volunteering time and management overhead costs are not included in the calculations.
2.
External organization participation costs are excluded from the social involvement four approaches.
128 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Investing in Education Sponsor Taiwan Reading Foundation (Nantou Facility) Talent is an important growth driver for "Broadening children's horizons and cultivating reading interest" cannot be done overnight.
Therefore, USI has continuously enterprises.
Reading is the groundwork for sponsored the Taiwan Reading Culture Foundation to build Philanthropic Libraries since 2005 and invested CNY 115,000 every accumulating innovative capabilities.
As part year purchasing new books for the Libraries.
To date we have donated 807 boxes of books, developing the reading ability of of the Investing in Education strategic pillar, students in rural and remote areas.
We understand that only continuous investment can bring substantial impact and change to USI helped establish the Taiwan Reading students, and not just financial and material assistance.
Culture Foundation and its Philanthropic Understanding that different methods are needed for different age groups to guide reading, in addition to book donations, Library.
The Library is set up in each township USI collaborates with the Foundation to organize Parent-Child Reading, Meet the Author, and Magical Physics Science Camp as a resource for teachers to borrow and activities.
We spare no effort to expand investment in local education, enhance reading habits, and promote interest in science.
use in class.
We co-organized the Chinese In 2023, we held 6 reading activities.
For preschool to lower graders, families are the cradle of learning.
We held 2 Parent-Child Literary Prize for Global Youth to encourage Reading activities and guided children to read picture books in a lively way to cultivate active interest in reading and learning.
students in literary pursuits.
In terms of youth Additionally, for upper graders, we held 2 Magical Physics Science Camps where students can test physics experiments with their training, we have several industrial-academic five senses and a hands-on approach.
We also held 2 Meet the Author activities where invited authors talked at schools about partnership and internship projects in multiple their works and experiences, letting students approach books from another perspective.
facilities to enhance youth employability and develop the next-generation of technology We continued to use SROI to analyze and quantify our impact on students and children through the Philanthropic Libraries talents.
program and activities.
Through our survey, we found 76% of students who participated in the Magical Physics Science Camp felt their science knowledge increased.
Of the parents that participated in the Parent-Child Reading activity, 73% of parents believed that the event could enhance family reading quality.
For detailed analysis, please refer to the charts on the next page.
In total, every $1 invested in the Philanthropic Libraries can generate $5.87 of social value.
129 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Parent-Child Reading: Outcome Incidences for Parents and 1st-3rd Graders Magical Physics Science Camp - Outcome Incidences for Students Parents 1st-3rd Graders 77 77 75 77 78 73 71 72 71 70 65 74 73 73 73 72 72 71 71 71 70 68 65 65 Rate Rate (%) (%) Improved Family Improved Reading Improved Reading Focus Increased Science Increased Interest in Increased Reading Reading Quality Comprehension Knowledge STEM Subjects Motivation 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2021 2022 2023 Sponsor Chinese Literary Prize for Global Youth (Nantou Facility) The Chinese Literary Prize for Global Youth is known as the fountain of living waters for new literary talents.
Many literary luminaries such as Chang Man-Chuan, Jian Zhen, and Hou Wenyong had won this prize as students.
To encourage student participation and advance Chinese literary culture, USI sponsors CNY 69,000 every year as prize money to scout for new literary stars.
The call for manuscripts has expanded to include Chinese students from all over the world.
In 2023, the 41st Global Chinese Student Literature Award received 1,217 entries, mainly from Taiwan, Mainland China, and Malaysia.
There were 500 submissions from Malaysia.
We look forward to more award- winning students emerging in the Chinese literary world.
130 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement USI University Courses & Industrial-Academic Partnerships (Global) USI has always emphasized employee training and passing down knowledge.
Internal lecturers Also, to put academic theory into practice, USI provides internship opportunities in Zhangjiang, from USI University cooperate with industrial guilds, associations, and universities provided Kunshan, Nantou, and Mexico Facilities with one-on-one mentor system so students can bridge several free courses to share their knowledge, experience, or the industry's latest trends to the gap between school and work after graduation.
In 2023, 106 students interned in our associated organizations and students.
Through diverse courses such as ESG best practice internship programs.
In addition to internship opportunities, Nantou Facility partnered with sharing, creating harmonious labor relations, DISC personality analysis and communications, National Tsing Hua University, Taipei Tech, and Taiwan Tech to conduct research projects such 8 dimensions problem solving, and 7 quality control methods, we share our experiences with as the Module Miniaturization Reliability Testing, Electronic Component Bonding Simulation industry peers and hold career planning courses to help university students grasp the job Technology, Millimeter Optical Antenna Module Development, and LED Mask Curing for market.
We shared 20 courses that totaled 1,392 hours of lessons in 2023, contributing to High-Precision Fast Printing research.
Overall, 679 students benefited from these industrial- enhancing youth employability.
academic partnerships and participated 63,710 hours in 2023.
USI University Courses (Global) Intern Quotes Facility Course Name Since I arrived at USI as an intern, learning Career Planning (Shanghai Tech School) has never stopped.
Being not afraid to make Semiconductor Industry Introduction (Shanghai Tech School) Zhangjiang mistakes is also the most crucial aspect of RBA Introduction (Suppliers) being an intern.
I will always be grateful for Upward Value Towards Green - ESG Best Practice Sharing (Industry) the trust that team members gave me.
-- DIEGO FERRARI G MEZ, DISC Personality Analysis (Industry) Huizhou INDUSTRIAL ENGINEER New 8D 2.0 (Suppliers) How to Create Harmonious Labor Relations (Industry) Mounting Process & Part Preparation Models (Industry) In USI you are never alone.
If you are stuck on Kunshan Business Operations Table Top Exercises (Industry) something, someone will always be willing to 8D Problem Solving and 7 Quality Control Methods (Suppliers) lend a helpful hand because your success is everyone's success, and nobody wants to see you fail.
13th Career Coach Program - Resume and the Interview (National -- LAISA OROZCO, Chengong University) Nantou SECURITY ANALYST Internship Sharing (Feng Chia University) How to Craft a Outstanding Resume (National Tsing Hua University) 131 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Contributing to Society Rural Revitalization In response to SDGs (Goal 1: No Poverty; Goal 4: Quality Education), USI sponsors several educational rural revitalization programs to help children in impoverished regions obtain resources for quality education and narrow the gap between urban and rural areas.
For example, in 2023, USI invested CNY 531 thousand in the Rural Digital Education Program, Hope for Pearls Project, Spark Philanthropic Library, Western Region Student Aid Program, Shanghai Song Ching Ling Foundation Mothers Home Program, and the Kunshan Charity Foundation's Embracing Autistic Kids, Lucheng Philanthropy, and Heartfelt Wish Activities, assisting 2,732 students in need.
Rural Digital Education Program Hope for Pearls Project Spark Philanthropic Library (Zhangjiang Facility) (Huizhou, Kunshan Facilities) (Zhangjiang, Jinqiao Facilities) USI believes in tech for good and thus focuses on bridging Since 2016, USI has actively participated in the Hope for Books are a beacon of light that guides our path forward.
the computer education gap by enriching tech resources and Pearls Project, helping students with excellent grades but Reading sparks wisedom and knowledge, accumulating the supporting local education in remote areas in response to the cannot afford tuition to actualize their dream of finishing foundation for innovation.
To realize investing in education, and United Nations digital literacy advocacy initiative and rural high school and going to college.
letting the light of knowledge shine in all corners, we built a revitalization efforts.
Philanthropic Library at Malibao Elementary School in Yunnan.
In 2023, we held a charity auction at USI where employees This program provides customized training material and tech directly supported the 50 students in 2021 USI Shueijin Pearl During the construction period, USI employees held a book support for 8 schools and held mini typing competitions to Class through auction sales, where some of the proceeds donation campaign to bring better educational resources to encourage and strengthen what they learned.
We added 2 were used to buy stationery gifts to wish them luck in their 345 students.
When the Library was completed, USI and 42 schools in Yunnan in 2023, and benefited 2,235 students, with studies.
With our love and support, USI Shueijin Pearl Class employees donated 1,237 books and 20 audio players with 200 a cumulative beneficiary of 3,472 students.
of 2020 passed their Gaokao with flying colors.
100% pearl audiobooks to enrich the school's resources.
We sincerely hope students got accepted into their dream universities and 98% that the students will learn from books, keep up with the times, got in tier 1 schools.
and thrive like the children in the city.
132 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Social Inclusion Western Region Student Aid Program Our mission is to give back to the community by gathering resources and encouraging employee participation in community activities.
We aim to build a society where everyone has a sense of growth, purpose, and fulfillment.
(Zhangjiang Facility) USI believes that the merit of investing in education lies in Accompanying Disadvantaged Children to Grow the present, while the benefit is in the future.
We provided Up Happily financial aid to 12 impoverished oustanding university (Nantou and Vietnam Facilities) students from rural areas such as Yunnan and Sichuan through Cihui Foundation's Western Region Student Aid Every child has the right to education and is expected to grow up happily.
USI Program to ensure their opportunities for education and encourages outstanding students with scholarships and school supplies, while growth.
USI volunteers not only lead guided tours of the Museum of Natural Science for elementary schools in remote areas and serve as after-school chaperones for Shanghai Song Ching Ling Foundation underprivileged children to accompany them in their studies, but also organize After School Care for Disadvantaged Children Mother's Home Program watching baseball game outings and Christmas parties to enrich the lives of children at the Nantou Home for Children, brightening up every moment of their (Zhangjiang Facility) childhoods.
To invest more in the education of rural areas, especially in Sichuan and Tibet, USI donated CNY 20,000 in the program to Caring for Seniors in our Communities help schoolchildren obtain necessities and learning supplies.
(Kunshan, Nantou, and Mexico Facilities) Kunshan Charity Foundation As society ages, addressing the challenges of senior care and loneliness becomes critical.
For significant holidays, such as Chinese New Years, USI "Embracing Autistic Kids", "Lucheng organized meal donations for vulnerable seniors.
Also, for Double Ninth Day, we Philanthropy", and "Heartfelt Wish" organized supplies donation for senior homes to show our respect for elders and Scholarship for Cat Hai High School make their lives more comfortable.
Disadvantaged Students Activities (Kunshan Facility) We also have a volunteer team that visits retirement homes to In unstable times, the underpriviledged are often the first to engage with seniors.
Through be affected.
With love in our hearts, we participated in the the ASE Cultural and Educational Embracing Autistic Kids and Lucheng Philanthrophy Activities Foundation, we organize the Senior and donated supplies for 60 profoundly disabled children, and LOHAS Program, offering healthy vulnerable people in need.
Also, we continued to participate exercises, educational games, and in the Children's Day Heartfelt Wish Activity and sent gifts to lively chats with peers and college children students in economically disadvantaged areas.
students to promote active aging and an age-friendly society.
Senior Home Visitation Senior LOHAS Program 133 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Conserving the Environment Activity Approaches Climate change is an issue that humanity must face.
Saving energy and reducing carbon emissions are the starting points for Conserving the Environment.
For years, USI has been cooperating with Shanghai Roots & Shoots in the Million Tree Project to purify air quality and restore biodiversity.
Carbon Low-Carbon Environmental We also work with the ASE Environmental Protection and Sustainability Reduction Lifestyle Protection Foundation in the Campus LED Installation Project to replace LED lighting for M illion Tree Project Environmental Adopt-a-Road rural schools to save energy and schoolchildren's eyesight.
We host activities C ampus LED Seminars Envrionmental such as Environmental Seminars, Mini Farmers' Markets, and Environmental Installation Project Farmer Markets Cleanups Cleanups to promote green and low-carbon lifestyles, raise environmental Zero Waste awareness, deepen connections with neighboring communities, mitigate Initiative negative impacts, and contribute to the global environment.
Million Tree Project (Global) In response to SDGs (Goal 13: Climate Action; Goal 15: Life on Land), USI actively promotes USI Tree Planting Data 97.91 environmental education, protects ecosystems, combats desertification, and reverses land 88.75 degradation through collaborating with Shanghai Roots and Shoots' Million Tree Project.
In addition to reversing land degradation and desertification in Inner Mongolia and Ningxia, planting 76.71 trees also restores local biodiversity.
The latest ecological survey reports 47 species observed in 67.20 Inner Mongolia and 14 species in Ningxia, indicating the sand has begun stabilizing, the ecosystem 53.06 is reaching a balance, and there are early signs of recovery.
By the end of 2023, USI has planted 151,482 39.62 trees covering 97.91 hectares and cumulatively 26.79 21,864 22,381 c Ga up idtu er lie nd e 7 s 2 (19 ).
.
T4 h4 e m ae fft ori rc e t so ten dn e las n o df cC oO n2 se e u rvs ein sg a I bP oC uC t 18.30 19,654 20,111 21,040 21,268 10.85 134,332.52 metric tonnes of water annually through 7.85 3.00 water balance estimation methods.
The USI Employee Forest was launched in 2016 as an awareness-raising campaign.
We organized employees' donations and volunteers to plant trees 6,160 7,004 in Inner Mongolia and Ningxia.
After three years 4,000 4,000 4,000 hiatus, USI tree ambassadors finally set foot in Inner Mongolia to plant trees, doing our part to protect the environment.
Participants deeply realized that 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 environmental restoration is an uphill battle and were even more supportive of environmental protection Trees Planted Cumulative Area (Ha) activities.
In 2023, 21,268 trees were newly planted, Note: of which employees donated 7,268 trees.
1.
2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories.
134 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Campus LED Installation Project (Nantou Facility) Since 2014, USI has assisted the ASE Environmental Protection and Sustainability Foundation in launching the Campus LED Installation Project in remote elementary and middle schools in Nantou to enhance energy conversion and lighting in rural schools.
The project aims to replace old fluorescent lights with energy-saving T8-LED lights, which not only effectively reduce electricity consumption and thus achieve energy-saving and carbon reduction benefits but also protect children's eyesight and create a high-quality education and learning environment.
In 2023, we assisted in the installation of 2,723 LED lamps for a total of 595 teachers and students in Nantou's Wenshan, Xiling, and Zhanghe Elementary Schools, saving 58,817 kWh of electricity and thus reducing 29,114 kg of CO.
In total, we have installed 42,294 lamps in 46 schools, creating low-carbon and sustainable 2 campuses.
Year Schools LED Lights Installed Annually Saved Energy (kWh) 2023 3 2,723 58,817 Zero Waste Initiative (Vietnam Facility) Creek Cleanup (Nantou Facility) Waste polluting our environment is worsening.
Proper waste education and sorting can reduce To protect marine life, we should start from the source.
The intertwining rivers and creeks waste and reuse resources to minimize waste from households.
Vietnam Facility donated 18 connecting the city and countryside teem with waste piled up along the banks, which gets color-coded trash cans and worked with the local environmental bureau to promote waste washed into the ocean during heavy rains.
That's why USI took action and organized a creek sorting of compost, recyclables, and general waste in the Nhan Hoa community.
This initiative cleanup along the banks of the Zhuoshui River to intercept the waste from the river's source.
aims to reduce 60% of waste generated in a year and work towards creating zero waste.
Based USI's 40 volunteers partnered with Zhushan Fuzhou Community and picked up more than 30 on the average amount of trash a person generates daily, the 200-person community reduced bags of trash in 2023.
This activity not only raises awareness of not littering but also hopes that 35,040 kg of waste and turned it into organic compost and recyclables.
We aspire to nurture with the joint efforts of all parties, a clean and pollution-free river can be restored, creating a positive community waste behaviors and build sustainable homes.
thriving environment for all.
135 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Promoting Arts and Culture Sponsored Youth Go Competitions (Zhangjiang Facility) Sponsored Cross-Strait Student Baseball League (Zhangjiang Facility) USI continued to sponsor CNY 498 thousand in youth Go tournaments so evenly matched Go players across the strait could meet and compete through the Twin Cities Cup and extend their To promote cross-strait student baseball and foster friendships through sports, USI once again friendships and dreams through the chessboard.
USI Formosa Team's Hao-hung Hsu won the sponsored CNY 515 thousand to support the games.
In the finals, 32 teams and 840 players met Men's individual Gold in the 2023 Asian Games.
We hope to encourage more youths to test their and mingled through their shared enthusiasm and common language of baseball.
skills and grow through such activities.
Sponsored Ming Hua Yuan Theatre Performance Sponsored Cloud Gate Dance Theatre Annual Tour (Nantou Facility) (Nantou Facility) Promoting traditional arts and giving back to the community is central to USI's commitment to Since 2005, USI has annually supported the Cloud Gate Culture and Art Foundation as we social activities.
In 2023, we continued supporting the Straw Crafts Culture Festival by inviting believe that while technology can improve our quality of life, art can improve the quality of our the Minghuayuan Theatre Group to perform The Bandits at Caotun Zhongshan Park, where over minds and souls.
This year, we sponsored Waves production and invited supplier partners to 2,000 locals came and enjoyed the traditional opera outdoors, keeping traditional culture alive.
enjoy dancers expressing the joy of life and depth of culture through dance.
136 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement External Participation As a global corporate citizen and leader in electronic design and manufacturing services, we Our assessment determined that 27 industrial associations we joined are Paris-aligned.
recognize the need to be more visible in advocating key industry issues such as climate change, Examples of the associations actively involved in developing climate policy and advocacy are corporate sustainability, human rights, and supply chain resilience.
listed below: The Sustainability Committee systemically manages and guides our company-wide associations Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) and Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI) through the Public Affairs Engagement Policy.
Organizations we choose to participate in are As a member of ASEH, USI joined the RBA and RMI in 2015.
RBA is an industrial alliance ones we share similar values with, and we regularly review our memberships for alignment dedicated to enhancing the global supply chain's social, environmental, and ethical on material issues, such as the Paris Agreement goals.
Every year, the Senior Vice President responsibility.
They work with all sectors and initiate activities to mitigate climate change.
of the Employee & Social Well-being Engagement Taskforce, responsible for the stewardship USI follows the RBA Code of Conduct and requests our facilities around the world to of public affairs engagement, reports review results to the Sustainability Committee.
Where implement it through annual RBA SAQ, internal audits, and 100% completion of RBA VAP.
misalignments are found, the Committee reviews and deliberates whether to continue our Additionally, 4 facilities have obtained the RBA Factory of Choice certification in 2023.
We membership.
disclose our performance on the RBA-Online platform.
Externally, USI accepts customers' audits and requests suppliers to follow the RBA Code of Conduct and join the RBA-Online USI actively participated in 40 industrial organizations (1~3) and contributed CNY 450.4 thousand platform to disclose their results.
For more information, please refer to the Supply Chain in 2023 (4).
Upon review, most associations we joined focus on other industry-specific issues, Management and Human Rights Protection sections.
including workplace safety, sharing best practices, and professional development.
Through networking events and serving important positions, USI keeps in touch with the industry and Taiwan Electrical and Electronic Manufacturers' Association (TEEMA) contributes to its progress.
The following is a partial list of organizations USI joined: TEEMA's mission is to promote economic development and act as a bridge for cross-sector communications.
In response to international trends and regulations, TEEMA actively participates in and promotes energy saving and carbon reduction.
USI responded by setting Zhangjiang Facility Kunshan Facility and achieving energy-saving goals.
In addition to meeting the SBT targets pledged by ASEH Pudong Association of Foreign Taiwan Compatriot Investment Enterprises to support the Paris Agreement goals, we have also introduced the TCFD & CDP frameworks Investmen Association of Kunshan into our environmental management system.
Please refer to the Nature, Climate Change and Shanghai Integrated Circuit Industry Carbon Management section for our performance and progress results.
Nantou Facility Association Pudong New Area Association of Work Taiwan Electrical and Electronic Manufacturers' Safety Association Taiwan Telematics Industry Association Huizhou Facility Nangang Industrial Manufacturers Association Taiwan Merchant Association Taiwan Association of Occupational Health Shenzhen Nurses Note: 1.
Represents the position of Chairman/Vice-chairman 2.
Represents the position of Executive Director 3.
Represents the position of Director/Supervisor 4.
USI's Business Code of Conduct prohibits political participation through donations to lobbyists and political groups.
And USI did not make any monetary contributions to political campaigns or organizations, lobbyists, or other tax-exempt groups whose role is to influence political campaigns or legislation.
137 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Appendix Contributions to the SDGs Held 40 health activities, such as blood donation, weight-loss Employees have the right to equal Purchased certified renewable competition, and bone density pay for equal work regardless of energy to offset carbon testing with 10,705 participants.
gender.
dioxide emissions generated Solar panels installed Provide medical and emergency Increased percentage of females in by traditional electricity used.
on Nantou-NK 1 Facility Invested in 6 rural support for unexpected or sudden top management positions for 100% renewable energy use generated 3,305 MWh revitalization programs, illnesses for employees stationed 6 consecutive years, in Mainland China, Mexico, of renewable energy as benefiting 2,732 students.
overseas or on business trips.
reaching 20% by 2023.
and Vietnam facilities.
of 2023.
Donated 236 Chinese Donated a cumulative total of 807 Reduced 19.8% water use intensity CNY 60.8 billion revenue in 2023.
New Year's Eve dinners to boxes of books to the Philanthropic from the baseline year 2015.
Actively engaged in sound tax policies disadvantaged lonely elders Libraries for 19 years running.
Recycled 64% of process water.
and honest tax contributions to to spread warmth and cheer.
Built 2 computer classrooms through support the government's efforts to the Rural Digital Education Program, promote economic growth.
benefiting 3,472 students.
Customer satisfaction score reached Trained cumulative total of 1,129 84.5.
USIU internal lecturers.
Starting salaries for direct laborers Supported 312 employees to take at each facility are higher than local advanced studies.
minimum wages.
Provided 18,016 job opportunities worldwide with 95% local hires.
138 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Implemented enterprise risk management assessment and applied relevant countermeasures.
Established Sunshine Conduct Policies and Cooperated with suppliers to recycle pallets and Anti-Corruption Management Measures with packaging materials, reducing 986 metric tonnes of reporting mechanisms to ensure compliance waste, and saved CNY 48.84 million.
Promoted waste from suppliers and employees.
No corruption or Tetrabromobisphenol-A and Medium-chain classification at Nhan Hoa bribery instances were found.
Chlorinated paraffins the threshold below 1,000 ppm commune and reduced No major fines or violations related to anti- and ban their use according to regulations to minimize 35,040 kg of trash a year.
competitive practices or antitrust laws and Employed 101 people with their impact on workers and the environment.
Cleaned up Zhuoshui River regulations.
disabilities.
Assisted to obtain the certification of EPEAT Silver.
and picked up more than Introduced Threat Intelligence System to Employed 626 ethnic Used 90% recyclable or reusable materials in designing 30 bags of trash.
strengthen cybersecurity protection capabilities.
minorities with 7 mechanical products, which reached 999.6 metric Held 2 environmental 100% target suppliers met Conflict-Free in management positions.
tonnes in USI's annual shipments.
seminars.
minerals requirements.
Constantly monitor our Promoted green product design, reduced Supported the Million Provide a wide range of emissions to lessen our negative energy loss, and engaged in continuous Tree Project for 11 electronic products and environmental impact and improvement to reduce CO emissions, years running, planting services under Global 2 contribute to building sustainable saving 7.1 TWh of electricity in 2023, a total of 151,482 Demand, Local Service communities.
There were 0 equivalent to reducing 0.16 million metric trees covering to our customers with significant air pollution incidents tonnes of CO.
97.91 hectares.
operations covering Asia, 2 in 2023.
0 days of production interruptions due to Europe, America, and Recycled 91% of non-hazardous Africa.
climate-related disasters.
waste through qualified disposal/ Global local procurement Implemented TCFD to analyze USI climate recyclers.
rate reached 40%.
risks.
USI will use 100% renewable energy in our operations by 2035 and achieve net- zero carbon emissions by 2040.
139 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement ESG Key Performance Data Environmental Renewable Energy Use Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 USI Group % 79.6 80.3 81.6 81.7 Mainland China Facilities % 100 100 100 100 Mexico Facility % 21 31 50 100 Vietnam Facility % - - - 100 Nantou Facility % 0 0 0 0 GHG Emissions Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 metric tonnes Scope 1 6,802.39 4,592.71 5,385.74 5,265.23 COe 2 metric tonnes Scope 2 184,225.84 201,538.85 215,510.73 202,570.24 COe 2 metric tonnes Scope 3 16,722,053.37 12,980,878.70 10,473,941.30 7,883,729.04 COe 2 Water Resource Management (1) Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Water withdrawal ML 803.690 861.887 1,068.173 1,028.620 Recycled water ML 179.145 236.972 307.539 232.938 Recycling rate % 22.3 27.5 28.8 22.6 Waste Management Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Hazardous waste generated metric tonnes 783.065 967.233 1,006.243 790.359 Non-hazardous waste generated metric tonnes 7,805.962 8,766.093 9,835.675 11,586.338 Non-hazardous waste recycled metric tonnes 7,079.345 8,115.463 9,097.263 10,599.595 Non-hazardous waste recycling rate % 90.69 92.58 92.49 91.48 Note: 1.
In 2023, both the water withdrawal and recycling rate proportionally decreased with the Company's revenue slight decline.
140 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Environmental Expenditures Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Total CNY 28,131,112 25,989,443 29,912,628 47,496,006 Operating cost CNY 15,177,012 12,176,028 12,634,136 27,857,337 Upstream/downstream cost CNY 854,709 1,058,487 862,255 262,200 Management overhead CNY 11,880,177 12,464,402 16,237,399 18,599,286 Social activities cost CNY 219,214 290,527 178,839 777,183 Social Talent Attraction and Retention Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Number of employees - 17,486 18,081 16,660 17,031 Male - 9,426 9,938 9,271 9,133 Female - 8,060 8,143 7,389 7,898 Percentage of females in total workforce % 46.1 45.0 44.4 46.4 Employees in senior management positions - 132 199 213 219 (director and above) Female employees in senior management - 17 35 41 44 Percentage of females in senior % 12.9 17.6 19.2 20.1 management positions Employees in management positions - 1,082 1,091 1,061 1,113 Female employees in management - 255 247 245 263 Percentage of females in management % 23.6 22.6 23.1 23.6 positions IDL employees promoted - 868 920 745 834 Female IDL employees promoted - 310 319 278 320 Employees with disabilities - 73 83 83 101 141 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Talent Attraction and Retention Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Average employee age year 31.6 31.7 33.0 33.8 Average employee tenure year 4.7 4.8 5.2 5.4 Employee turnover rate % 33.7 38.7 28.8 29.7 Ratio of DL entry level wage compared to - 1.00~1.10 1.00~1.08 1.00~1.09 1.00~2.51 local minimum wage Employee engagement score % - 84 - 80 Return to work rate of employees that took % 100 68 68 79 parental leave Retention rate of employees that took % 100 79 47 87 parental leave Talent Development Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Employees that complete the internal - 833 867 1,118 1,129 lecturer training program Female internal lecturers - 247 287 344 352 Total cost of employee training and M CNY 4.2 28.9 17.1 10.4 development Coverage of employee training % 100 100 100 100 Average training per employee hour 31.0 30.7 28.8 24.5 Employees supported to take advanced - 43 73 24 155 studies Human Rights Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Average human rights training per employee hour 1.4 1.1 1.4 1.0 Labor contract signage rate % 100 100 100 100 Number of employee symposiums - 216 116 140 167 Employees in unions - 5,900 6,350 5,901 6,887 Percentage of union labor in workforce % 33.7 35.1 35.4 40.4 142 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Occupational Health and Safety Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Incidences of occupational disease - 0 0 0 0 Work-related fatalities - 0 0 0 0 Amount invested in safety production M CNY 166 159 184 197 Number of emergency drills conducted - 58 32 30 36 Number of health and well-being activities - 53 42 51 40 held Number of participants in health and - 13,701 13,028 8,611 10,705 wellbeing activities Number of doctor consultations held - 9,692 18,519 30,211 14,856 Total hours consulted hour 9,140 9,558 9,777 9,720 Social Involvement Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Total amount of social involvement CNY 5,970,377 3,826,752 5,281,086 9,248,749 Investing in Education CNY 1,259,165 1,713,707 2,205,556 4,960,776 Contributing to Society CNY 2,769,476 489,454 1,015,895 306,252 Conserving the Environment CNY 433,558 451,281 423,275 696,683 Promoting Arts & Culture CNY 1,087,534 829,772 1,188,091 2,834,620 External Participation CNY 420,645 342,538 448,269 450,417 Number of employees engaged in social - 1,412 314 701 535 activities Number of hours volunteered hour 1,674 1,717 2,047 3,645 Environmental Protection Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Annual number of trees planted - 21,040 21,864 22,381 21,268 USI Corporate Forest - 14,000 14,000 14,000 14,000 USI Employee Forest - 7,040 7,864 8,381 7,268 Annual area of trees planted ha 14.14 9.51 12.04 9.16 143 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Environmental Protection Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Cumulative number of trees planted - 85,969 107,833 130,214 151,482 Cumulative area of trees planted ha 67.20 76.71 86.36 97.91 Weight of trash picked or reduced kg 49.00 335.20 200.00 35,040.00 Rural Revitalization Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Number of programs invested - 6 5 5 6 Number of students assisted - 1,001 1,050 1,838 2,732 Amount invested in targeted programs K CNY 1,362 216 818 531 Investing in Education Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Cumulative number of Philanthropic Library box 685 725 767 807 boxes donated Number of people engaged in Parent-Child - 100 119 111 67 Reading Activity Number of students benefiting from - 754 1,415 660 679 industrial-academic partnerships Local Procurement Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Global % 37 39 43 40 Mexico % 19 12 5 6 Taiwan % 30 29 30 28 Mainland China % 38 43 50 51 Southeast Asia % - - 3 4 Supplier Sustainability Evaluation Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Number of suppliers evaluated with - 576 419 525 456 sustainability metrics Percentage of suppliers that completed the % 70 73 73 76 SSAQ Number of suppliers and contractors on-site - 76 83 81 99 audited with sustainability metrics Supplier Communication Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Number of suppliers that attended the - 120 276 342 507 Sustainable Supply Chain Seminar/Webinar 144 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Conflict Minerals Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Number of suppliers that completed due - 359 416 199 219 diligence (CMRT survey) Percentage of target suppliers that % 100 100 100 100 completed the conflict-free minerals survey Governance Financial Performance Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Operating revenue K CNY 47,696,228.2 55,299,654.8 68,516,076.0 60,791,909.5 Operating cost K CNY 42,710,970.3 49,981,479.2 61,327,074.5 54,939,136.5 Operating profit K CNY 1,961,650.8 2,131,813.5 3,460,804.0 2,177,678.2 Total profit K CNY 1,973,563.1 2,138,858.9 3,477,195.2 2,189,687.9 Net profit K CNY 1,733,565.2 1,856,693.0 3,059,989.8 1,949,709.1 Government subsidies K CNY 76,779.5 50,678.1 56,144.7 89,396.5 Taxes K CNY 397,576.8 618,989.5 897,547.9 963,297.4 Earnings per share CNY 0.80 0.85 1.40 0.89 Research and Patents Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Share of R&D personnel of total workforce % 6.7 9.4 11.5 12.2 Amount invested in R&D M CNY 1,576 1,641 2,034 1,807 R&D intensity % 3.31 2.97 2.97 2.97 Number of patents accumulated - 660 696 740 801 Green Products Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Annual product energy efficiency GWh 4.14 95.75 22.02 7,108.28 Revenue ratio of eco-designed product % 86.5 92.1 82.4 81.4 Number of inventoried LCA products - - 1 28 33 145 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Smart Manufacturing Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Number of introduced projects - - 33 70 62 Saving benefits M CNY 142 208 295 300 Continuous Improvement Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Amount of carbon reduced from CIP key metric tonnes - 819 1,316 2,877 projects CO 2e Number of improvement proposals - 319 340 360 458 Cost saved M CNY 77 79 119 109 Customer Relations Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Customer satisfaction score - 84.1 84.1 84.2 84.5 Satisfied customers % 93 86 93 95 Percentage of revenue covered by customer % 93 89 100 100 surveys Board of Directors Unit Remuneration Committee Unit Number of board directors (1) - 11 Number of committee members - 5 Independent directors - 4 Number of independent directors in the - 4 committee Percentage of independent directors % 36.4 Percentage of independent directors % 80.0 Strategy and Sustainability Committee Unit Nomination Committee Unit Number of committee members - 7 Number of committee members - 5 Number of independent directors in the - 2 committee Number of independent directors in the - 3 committee Percentage of independent directors % 28.6 Percentage of independent directors % 60.0 Audit Committee Unit Board of Supervisors Unit Number of committee members - 5 Number of board members - 3 Number of independent directors in the - 3 committee Number of employees on the board of - 1 supervisors Percentage of independent directors % 60.0 Percentage of employees % 33.3 Note: 1.
Two new directors were added in 2024, of which one of the new directors is independent.
146 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Sustainability Data Environmental 2020 2021 2022 2023     A. Scope 2 Market-based GHG Emissions Item Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Scope 2 market-based metric tonnes CO 2e 26,056.90 26,617.41 26,912.82 26,286.99 B. Hazardous Waste Item Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Recycled/reused metric tonnes 247.23 202.79 232.13 205.74 Total metric tonnes 535.83 764.44 774.11 584.62 Landfilled metric tonnes 29.83 0.64 0 0 Incinerated with energy metric tonnes N/A(1) N/A N/A 494.35 recovery Incinerated without energy metric tonnes 506.00 763.80 774.11 90.27 recovery C. Non-hazardous Waste Item Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Recycled/reused metric tonnes 7,079.35 8,115.46 9,097.26 10,599.60 Total metric tonnes 726.62 650.63 738.41 986.74 Landfilled metric tonnes 353.46 312.78 393.25 440.43 Incinerated with energy metric tonnes N/A N/A N/A 546.31 recovery Incinerated without energy metric tonnes 373.16 337.85 345.16 0 recovery Note: 1.
N/A: No survey on the energy recovery status of hazardous and non-hazardous waste incineration facilities by 2023 147 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement D. Environmental Expenditures (1) Unit: CNY 2020 2021 2022 2023 Category Capital Operating Capital Operating Capital Operating Capital Operating Investment Expenses Investment Expenses Investment Expenses Investment Expenses Operating cost (2) 5,486,852 9,648,186 1,996,631 10,179,397 532,048 12,102,087 13,314,133 14,543,205 Upstream/downstream cost (3) 0 854,709 0 1,058,487 0 862,255 0 262,200 Management overhead (4) 56,792 11,823,385 168,781 12,295,620 2,416,689 13,820,710 317,708 18,281,577 Social activities cost (5) 0 219,214 70,919 219,608 0 178,839 0 777,183 Total 5,543,644 22,587,468 2,236,331 23,753,112 2,948,737 26,963,891 13,631,841 33,864,165 E. Water Consumption & Discharge Item Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Discharged water ML 679.62 742.46 930.22 892.84 Total water consumption ML 124.11 119.43 137.95 135.78 F. Materials Recycled and Reused Item Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023 Pallets pcs 21,817 36,786 39,384 45,861 Packaging materials pcs 7,218,172 8,701,254 6,917,126 7,546,461 Recycled and reused weight metric tonnes 728.43 1,170.46 827.98 986.14 Total financial benefits K CNY 3,050,159 2,387,932 8,248,872 6,445,370 Note: 1.
The data covers Zhangjiang, Jinqiao, Huizhou, Kunshan, Nantou and Vietnam Facilities.
4.
Management overhead: includes workers engaged in environmental improvement activities and environmental 2.
Operating cost: includes pollution prevention costs (air, water, noise, and hazardous substances) and resource education, acquisition of external environmental licenses/certifications, and government environmental fees.
circulation costs (efficient resource utilization, waste reduction, and recycling and disposal costs).
5.
Social activities cost: includes donations to, and support for, environmental groups or activities.
3.
Upstream/downstream cost: includes green procurement and recycling of used products.
148 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement G. Partial Selection of Restricted Environmentally Hazardous Substances Contained in Products Requirement Substance/Regulation Code Requirement Substance/Regulation Code Cadmium (Cd) and its compounds Perfluorooctyl acid and its salts (PFOA) Lead (Pb) and its compounds Polychlorinated Biphenyls (PCB) Mercury (Hg) and its compounds Commission directive 2013/2/EU Hexavalent chromium (Cr6+) and its compounds Batteries directive 2013/56/EU Polybrominated Biphenyls (PBB) Banned substances POPs recast regulation 2019/1021 and legal Polybrominated Diphenyl Ethers (PBDE) requirements REACH regulation (EC) 1907/2006 Diethylhexyl Phthalate (DEHP) (117-81-7) California Proposition 65 Banned substances and legal Butyl Benzyl Phthalate (BBP) (85-68-7) Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) requirements Dibutyl Phthalate (DBP) (84-74-2) Mineral Oil Aromatic Hydrocarbons (MOAH) (from 1 to 7 aromatic cycles) Di-isobutyl Phthalate (DIBP) (84-69-5) Mineral Oil Saturated Hydrocarbons (MOSH) (from 16 to 35 aromatic cycles) Tetrabromobisphenol A (TBBP-A) Bromine [Prohibited/restricted according to EU announced dates] Planned elimination Medium Chain Chlorinated Paraffin (MCCP) Chlorine [Prohibited/restricted according to EU announced dates] Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances (PFAS) Global Automotive Declarable Substance List (GADSL) Reporting substance Perfluorooctanyl Sulphonic acid and its salts (PFOS) Conflict Minerals H. Environmental Labels & Declarations Item Type I Other Ecolabels Type II Self-declared Environmental Claims Type III Environmental Product Declarations Labels/declarations RoHS Energy Star EPEAT ISO 14021 ISO 14067     % of revenues covered 99.6% 0% 0.4% 149 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement I. Low-Carbon Products % of Total Revenues Estimated Total Avoided Level of Type & Description of Products from Climate Change Emissions per Year Comment Aggregation Products in 2023 (metric tonnes COe) 2 Low carbon products USI defines a Facility that uses more than 5% renewable Communications, Consumer Electronics, Industrial Company-wide 70.49% 176,283 energy as a low-carbon product production facility Products, Cloud and Storage, Automobile Electronics Avoided emissions for third-parties Energy saving benefits compared to previous generation Communications, Industrial Products, Cloud and Storage, Group of products 2.22% 162,306 products or market equivalent products Automobile Electronics J. Plastic Raw Materials Item 2020 2021 2022 2023 % of Post-Consumer Recycled (PCR) plastic relative to total products produced 0.13% 0.11% 0.14% 4.43% Amount Used in % of Materials Plastic Materials in Products: % of Materials 2023 Recycled in 2023 Status 2025 Target Comment (thermoplastic materials only, no packaging) Recycled (metric tonnes) Target 1.
According to WEEE product reports, the annual total thermoplastic material, in Acryli, Acrylonitrile Butadiene Styrene (ABS), which 60.54 metric tonnes of recycled Poly butylene terephthalate, Polyamide, plastics are used.
362.13 16.72% 15% Achieved 17% Polycarbonate, Polyester, Polyoxymethylene, 2.
Components using recycled plastic have Polystyrene, Polyurethane, Silicon Rubber been verified for mass production through collaboration between suppliers, USI, and customers.
(1) K. Metal Raw Materials Amount Used in 2023 % of Materials that are Amount Used in 2023 % of Materials that are Metal Materials Metal Materials (metric tonnes) Recycled (metric tonnes) Recycled Aluminum 133.43 76.80% Nickel 0.01 20.00% Cobalt 0.00 0.00% Lithium 0.00 0.00% Copper 2.52 81.04% Titanium 0.09 2.78% Note: Iron/Steel 25.12 3.95% 1.
According to the product WEEE reports collected, we conduct surveys and statistics on products that use more than 200 g of metal raw materials.
150 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Social A. Workforce Structure Category Total Zhangjiang Jinqiao Huizhou Kunshan Nantou Mexico Vietnam & Percentage Category % % % % % % % % of HC HC HC HC HC HC HC HC (Facility) (Facility) (Facility) (Facility) (Facility) (Facility) (Facility) Total Management-Male 141 12.7% 79 7.1% 104 9.3% 106 9.5% 296 26.6% 85 7.6% 39 3.5% 850 5.0% Management-Female 54 4.9% 22 2.0% 54 4.9% 23 2.1% 78 7.0% 25 2.2% 7 0.6% 263 1.5% Technical-Male 483 14.8% 257 7.9% 294 9.0% 293 9.0% 1,008 30.9% 232 7.1% 124 3.8% 2,691 15.8% Technical-Female 107 3.3% 62 1.9% 65 2.0% 60 1.8% 207 6.3% 51 1.6% 23 0.7% 575 3.4% Position (1) Administrative-Male 98 4.4% 32 1.4% 94 4.2% 105 4.7% 330 14.8% 172 7.7% 26 1.2% 857 5.0% Administrative-Female 205 9.2% 59 2.6% 261 11.7% 179 8.0% 479 21.4% 133 6.0% 61 2.7% 1,377 8.1% Skilled-Male 666 6.4% 194 1.9% 1,009 9.7% 1,193 11.5% 460 4.4% 958 9.2% 255 2.4% 4,735 27.8% Skilled-Female 518 5.0% 210 2.0% 820 7.9% 813 7.8% 1,280 12.3% 1,831 17.6% 211 2.0% 5,683 33.4% Male 1,388 15.2% 562 6.2% 1,501 16.4% 1,697 18.6% 2,094 22.9% 1,447 15.8% 444 2.6% 9,133 53.6% Gender Female 884 11.2% 353 4.5% 1,200 15.2% 1,075 13.6% 2,044 25.9% 2,040 25.8% 302 1.8% 7,898 46.4% Permanent (2) 2,272 14.3% 915 5.8% 2,333 14.7% 1,980 12.5% 4,128 26.0% 3,487 22.0% 746 4.4% 15,861 93.1% Employment Type Temporary (3) 0 0.0% 0 0.0% 368 31.5% 792 67.7% 10 0.9% 0 0.0% 0 0.0% 1,170 6.9% Note: 1.
Positions are categorized into Management (employees with management responsibilities such as the Sub-Section manager to Vice Presidents), Technical, Administrative, and Skilled.
2.
Permanent employees: employees who have signed an employment contract with the company and work 8 hours a day, excluding dispatched workers.
3.
Temporary employees: employees who have signed a fixed period employment contract with the company, excluding dispatched workers and hourly workers.
151 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Category Total Zhangjiang Jinqiao Huizhou Kunshan Nantou Mexico Vietnam & Percentage Category % % % % % % % % of HC HC HC HC HC HC HC HC (Facility) (Facility) (Facility) (Facility) (Facility) (Facility) (Facility) Total Domestic- 176 1.1% 94 0.6% 148 0.9% 120 0.7% 372 2.3% 103 0.6% 29 0.2% 1,042 6.1% Management Domestic-Professional 2,062 12.8% 814 5.0% 2,529 15.6% 2,639 16.3% 3,016 18.7% 3,364 20.8% 696 4.3% 15,120 88.8% Nationality Foreign-Management 19 2.2% 7 0.8% 10 1.2% 9 1.0% 2 0.2% 7 0.8% 17 2.0% 71 0.4% Foreign-Professional 15 1.7% 0 0.0% 14 1.6% 4 0.5% 748 86.0% 13 1.5% 4 0.5% 798 4.7% < 30 626 9.8% 208 3.3% 1,031 16.1% 1,605 25.1% 931 14.6% 1,590 24.9% 400 6.3% 6,391 37.5% Age 30-50 1,617 16.9% 699 7.3% 1,624 17.0% 1,153 12.1% 2,623 27.5% 1,497 15.7% 340 3.6% 9,553 56.1% > 50 29 2.7% 8 0.7% 46 4.2% 14 1.3% 584 53.7% 400 36.8% 6 0.6% 1,087 6.4% PhD 1 9.1% 0 0.0% 0 0.0% 0 0.0% 10 90.9% 0 0.0% 0 0.0% 11 0.1% Masters 89 7.8% 36 3.1% 24 2.1% 20 1.7% 966 84.3% 11 1.0% 0 0.0% 1,146 6.7% Education Bachelors 1,090 19% 504 8.7% 753 13.1% 873 15.1% 2,060 35.7% 483 8.4% 1 0.0% 5,764 33.8% High School & Under 1,092 10.8% 375 3.7% 1,924 19.0% 1,879 18.6% 1,102 10.9% 2,993 29.6% 745 7.4% 10,110 59.4% Subtotal by Facility 2,272 13% 915 5% 2,701 16% 2,772 16% 4,138 24% 3,487 20% 746 4% - - Total 17,031 152 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement B. New Hires and Employee Turnover 2023 New Hires 2020 2021 2022 Zhangjiang Jinqiao Huizhou Kunshan Nantou Mexico Vietnam Total Male 8,628 8,619 5,869 172 10 1,674 2,429 246 929 142 5,602 New entry rate (1) 89% 89% 61% 12% 1% 110% 128% 12% 74% 31% 59% Gender Female 5,623 4,588 3,565 89 9 1,118 1,245 154 1,183 99 3,897 New entry rate 68% 57% 46% 10% 2% 94% 118% 7% 66% 33% 51% Management 70 77 71 1 0 0 0 15 40 2 58 New entry rate 7% 7% 7% 1% 0% 0% 0% 4% 39% 5% 5% Technical 632 660 636 20 1 4 1 110 112 66 314 New entry rate 18% 19% 18% 3% 0% 1% 0% 8% 45% 47% 9% Position Administrative 385 473 429 12 2 3 10 63 62 26 178 New entry rate 21% 25% 21% 4% 2% 1% 3% 8% 22% 34% 8% Skilled 13,164 11,997 8,298 228 16 2,785 3,663 212 1,898 147 8,949 New entry rate 116% 107% 77% 18% 3% 155% 169% 12% 79% 30% 85% < 30 10,973 9,967 6,623 171 15 1,822 3,130 183 1,170 157 6,648 New entry rate 125% 123% 85% 24% 4% 175% 173% 18% 84% 38% 98% 30-50 3,191 3,146 2,691 90 4 970 544 208 796 84 2,696 Age New entry rate 38% 35% 30% 6% 0% 60% 48% 8% 61% 25% 28% > 50 87 94 120 0 0 0 0 9 146 0 155 New entry rate 14% 13% 14% 0% 0% 0% 0% 2% 42% 0% 16% Note: 1.
Category new entry rate = new employee headcount of the category in the current year [(employee headcount of the category at the beginning of the current year + employee headcount of the category at the end of the current year) 2]     100%   153 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement 2023 New Hires 2020 2021 2022 Zhangjiang Jinqiao Huizhou Kunshan Nantou Mexico Vietnam Total Total no.
of new employees 14,251 13,207 9,434 261 19 2,792 3,674 400 2,112 241 9,499 New entry rate 80% 74% 54% 11% 2% 103% 124% 9% 69% 32% 55% Total no.
of new IDL employees 1,087 1,210 1,136 33 3 7 11 188 214 94 550 New entry rate 17% 18% 17% 3% 1% 1% 1% 8% 34% 36% 8% Total no.
of new DL employees 13,164 11,997 8,298 228 16 2,785 3,663 212 1,898 147 8,949 New entry rate 116% 107% 77% 18% 3% 155% 169% 12% 79% 30% 85% Average hiring cost (CNY) (1) 1,016 2,114 3,317 1,723 Total no.
of IDL job transfers 868 922 753 845 Inter-departmental IDL replacement rate (2) 44% 43% 40% 61% 2023 Employee Turnover 2020 2021 2022 Zhangjiang Jinqiao Huizhou Kunshan Nantou Mexico Vietnam Total Male 3,317 3,529 2,808 317 230 734 1,076 252 332 128 3,069 Turnover rate (3-4) 34% 36% 29% 22% 32% 48% 57% 12% 26% 28% 33% Gender Female 2,710 2,531 2,195 156 122 506 572 244 386 64 2,050 Turnover rate 33% 31% 28% 17% 27% 43% 54% 12% 22% 22% 26% Management 57 93 72 8 6 7 2 24 21 4 72 Turnover rate 5% 9% 7% 4% 6% 4% 2% 7% 21% 12% 7% Position Technical 548 704 518 91 109 51 36 122 43 29 481 Turnover rate 15% 20% 15% 14% 28% 13% 10% 9% 17% 21% 14% Note: 1.
Average hiring cost decreased due to the reduction in worker demand, change in recruiting patterns (reduce attending recruiting fairs), and a significant reduction in labor service fees (such as headhunters or dispatched workers).
2.
Inter-departmental IDL replacement rate = total IDL job transfers (total IDL job transfers + total new IDL employees) 100%     3.
Category turnover rate = no.
of people leaving of that category in that year [(no.
of people of that category at the beginning of that year + no.
of people of that category at that year-end) 2] 100%       4.
Turnovers exclude personnel that leave within 90 days of employment.
154 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement 2023 Employee Turnover 2020 2021 2022 Zhangjiang Jinqiao Huizhou Kunshan Nantou Mexico Vietnam Total Administrative 282 367 360 33 27 60 25 100 40 13 298 Turnover rate 15% 19% 18% 11% 27% 16% 9% 13% 14% 17% 14% Position Skilled 5,140 4,896 4,053 341 210 1,122 1,585 250 614 146 4,268 Turnover rate 45% 44% 38% 28% 36% 63% 73% 14% 25% 29% 41% < 30 4,165 4,041 2,962 233 157 803 1,381 187 427 124 3,312 Turnover rate 47% 50% 40% 33% 45% 77% 76% 18% 31% 30% 49% 30-50 1,767 1,925 1,935 236 195 421 266 264 250 68 1,700 Age Turnover rate 21% 22% 21% 15% 24% 26% 24% 10% 19% 20% 18% > 50 95 94 106 4 0 16 1 45 41 0 107 Turnover rate 15% 13% 13% 17% 0% 36% 7% 8% 12% 15% 11% Total no.
of resigned employees 6,027 6,878 5,003 473 352 1,240 1,648 496 718 193 5,119 Total employees turnover rate 34% 39% 29% 20% 30% 46% 56% 12% 24% 26% 30% Total no.
of resigned IDL 887 1,165 950 132 142 118 63 246 104 47 851 IDL turnover rate 14% 18% 14% 12% 24% 13% 8% 10% 17% 18% 13% Total no.
of resigned DL 5,140 5,713 4,053 341 210 1,122 1,585 250 614 146 4,268 DL turnover rate 45% 51% 38% 28% 36% 63% 73% 14% 25% 29% 41% Total no.
of voluntary resignation (1) 5,328 6,502 4,089 4,635 Turnover rate 30% 37% 24% 28% Note: 1.
Voluntary turnovers: number of departures that year deducting those who did not pass the trial period and those who were dismissed.
155 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement (1) C. Workforce Breakdown: Nationality Distribution D. Workforce Breakdown: Ethnic Minorities Total Workforce Management Employees Management Nationality Ethnicity Headcount % of total workforce Headcount % of total management Headcount % of total workforce Headcount % of total management Mainland China 8,624 50.64% 553 49.69% Han 4,472 26.26% 185 16.62% Taiwan 3,466 20.35% 422 37.92% Yi 156 0.92% 0 0.00% Mexico 3,467 20.36% 103 9.25% Miao 111 0.65% 1 0.09% Philippines 575 3.38% 0 0.00% Zhuang 97 0.57% 1 0.09% Vietnam 891 5.23% 29 2.61% Tujia 47 0.28% 3 0.27% United States 2 0.01% 2 0.18% Yao 33 0.19% 0 0.00% Great Britain 2 0.01% 2 0.18% Dong 31 0.18% 0 0.00% France 1 0.01% 0 0.00% Buyei 31 0.18% 0 0.00% Singapore 1 0.01% 1 0.09% Bai 23 0.14% 0 0.00% Canada 1 0.01% 1 0.09% Hani 17 0.10% 0 0.00% Malaysia 1 0.01% 0 0.00% Dai 13 0.08% 0 0.00% Total 17,031 1,113 Lahu 12 0.07% 0 0.00% E. Human Capital Return on Investment & Average Profit per Employee Item 2020 2021 2022 2023 Human Capital Return on Investment (2) (HC ROI) 1.58% 1.53% 2.62% 2.49% Average Profit per Employee (3) (CNY) 110,400 120,272 200,178 129,987 Note: 1.
There are 626 employees that are ethnic minorities, accounting for 3.68% of total employees, including 7 in management positions, accounting for 0.63% of managerial positions.
55 employees not listed above are from other 19 different ethnicities.
Since there are less than 10 employees in each of these ethnic categories, they are not represented in the table.
2.
HC ROI = (total operating income for the current year   (total operating expenses for the current year   total employee-related expenditures for the current year (salary + benefits))) total employee-related expenditures for the current   year 100%   3.
Average profit per employee = total profit ((number of employees at the beginning of the year + number of employees at the end of the year) 2)     156 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement F. Ratio of Female to Male Average Salary and Compensation Data Category Female to Male Ratio Category Female to Male Ratio Category Female to Male Ratio Non-Management Average Management Average Executives Average 0.950 0.967 - Salary Salary Salary Non-Management Average Management Average Executives Average 0.957 0.970 1.000 Compensation Compensation Compensation (1) Technical Average Salary 0.910 Top Management Salary 1.012 Technical Average 0.900 Top Management Compensation 1.000 Compensation Administrative Average 0.900 Middle Management Salary 0.967 Salary Middle Management Administrative Average 1.020 0.930 Compensation Compensation Skilled Average Salary 1.040 Junior Management Salary 0.922 Junior Management Skilled Average Compensation 1.040 0.890 Compensation G. Training Hours and Cost Facility % of Category Group Subtotal Zhangjiang Jinqiao Huizhou Kunshan Nantou Mexico Vietnam Group Male 53,448 21,154 54,411 54,211 35,289 25,395 8,528 252,436 60% Gender Female 32,428 15,011 41,239 29,068 25,642 17,895 3,700 164,983 40% Management 7,461 2,617 6,037 4,208 11,753 2,026 247 34,349 8% Technical 23,683 10,228 8,618 9,626 17,733 1,462 1,318 138,562 33% Training Position Administrative 7,512 1,958 6,483 5,101 11,402 3,608 2,322 38,386 9% Hours (hours) Skilled 47,220 21,362 74,512 64,345 20,043 36,194 8,341 206,122 49% Compulsory Courses (2) 33,648 6,598 10,857 74,788 2,862 22,244 8,350 159,347 38% Types of Courses Non-compulsory Courses (3) 52,229 29,567 84,792 8,491 58,068 21,045 3,878 258,071 62% Total 85,877 36,165 95,650 83,279 60,930 43,289 12,228 417,418 Note: 1.
Executive level compensation is calculated based on the 2023 Annual Report.
The average male executive median compensation is CNY 1,840 K. 2.
Compulsory course: basic and necessary training for employees, such as: Sunshine behavior policy advocacy, establishment of humane treatment in the workplace, and RBA.
3.
Non-compulsory course: training to improve the skills of employees in related fields, such as: DOE experimental design, program development and other related training courses.
157 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Facility % of Category Group Subtotal Zhangjiang Jinqiao Huizhou Kunshan Nantou Mexico Vietnam Group Male 98,864 36,190 2,677,607 2,662,074 845,000 34,806 4 6,354,545 61% Gender Female 47,112 11,400 1,795,411 1,371,249 811,863 14,341 2 4,051,377 39% < 30 10,642 9,450 1,630,219 1,900,541 397,647 22,253 3 3,970,755 38% Age 30-50 134,139 38,140 2,587,403 2,103,106 994,118 25,025 3 5,881,933 57% > 50 1,195 0 255,396 29,676 265,098 1,869 0 553,234 5% Training Junior 15,215 5,945 199,526 231,223 21,002 1,432 0 474,342 28% Cost (CNY) Management Middle 26,569 3,665 412,283 164,703 21,002 189 0 628,411 38% Top 6,925 365 317,695 226,120 21,002 0 0 572,107 34% Compulsory Courses 2,150 2,970 455,753 3,381,971 0 28,175 3 3,871,022 37% Types of Courses Non-compulsory 143,826 44,620 4,017,264 651,352 1,656,863 20,973 3 6,534,900 63% Courses Total 145,976 47,590 4,473,018 4,033,323 1,656,863 49,147 6 10,405,922 H. Comprehensive Welfare System Festival bonus, full attendance bonus, overtime wage and allowance, performance bonus, festival gift certificates, birthday gift certificate, R&D incentive bonus, Bonus patent incentive reward, employee seniority bonus (Mainland China and Nantou Facilities) Besides statutory holidays and two-day weekly holidays, there are more kinds of leaves such as period leave, paid sick leave (1) (Nantou Facility), paid annual leave (2), Holidays & welfare leave (3) (Mainland China and Nantou Facilities), paid Indigenous holiday leave (Nantou Facility) and paid election voting leave (Nantou Facility) Leaves Labor Implement remote working and flexible working hours work models Practices Provide social insurance and pensions for employees in accordance with the law, add commercial group insurance plans such as Employee Group Insurance, Insurance domestic and overseas travel insurance (for expatriates and their families to participate during their oversea assignments), and life insurance (Mexico Facility) Equipped with a spacious and hygienic employee cafeteria with a variety of nutritionist designed calorie-controlled dishes, and meal subsidies.
Pregnant employees Meals are provided with mother stickers to increase meal portions Note: 1.
Paid sick leave: Beyond the legal requirement of 30 days of half-paid sick leave, USI gives employees with a year of service 7 days of paid sick leave a year.
2.
Paid annual leave is implemented according to local regulations.
Mainland China Facilities: Employees are entitled to 5 days of leave after a year of service, 10 days after 10 years, and 15 days for a service period exceeding 20 years.
Nantou Facility: Employees are entitled to 3 days of leave after 6 months of service, 7 days after 1 year, 10 days after 2 years, 14 days after 3 years, and 15 days after 5 years, with an additional day for each year of service over 10 years, up to a maximum of 30 days.
Mexico Facility: After one year of employment, employees are entitled to 12 days of annual leave, which increases by 2 days each subsequent year.
After the sixth year, 2 days are added every 5 years.
Vietnam Facility: Employees are entitled to 12 days after a year of service and receives an additional day for every 5 years of service.
3.
Welfare leave: It is regarded as a long-term service reward in Mainland China Facilities.
Employees who have served for more than two years will be rewarded with full-paid welfare leave ranging from 2 to 10 days according to their length of service.
Nantou Facility: New hires are entitled to 4 days of special leave, which must be used within one year of their entry date.
158 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Several types of dormitories are equipped with household appliances, air-conditioning, hot water, wi-fi, and furniture.
USI provides housing subsidies if employees Dormitory need to live in dorm and pays for all full-time employees' housing accumulation funds (Mainland China Facilities) Labor Practices Provide comfortable and convenient free cross-site shuttle buses and ride-hailing services between factories; add subway commuter shuttles and subsidize fares Transportation (Huizhou Facility) Well-equipped parking lots and special parking spaces for pregnant women (Huizhou Facility, Nantou Facility) Employee domestic and foreign itineraries travels, family days, parent-child activities, annual dinner party and raffles, birthday parties, sports days, singing competitions, and cultural and artistic activities Sponsor various club activities and hold various events and activities: Sports clubs are basketball club, softball club, badminton club, bowling club, swimming Sport Activities club, Iron Horse (bike) club, jogging club, billiard club, table tennis club, volleyball club, football club, frisbee club, dance clubs, and yoga aerobics clubs; Learning/ leisure clubs are USI Toastmasters (English speech club), handicraft DIY club, USI book sharing club, fishing club, wild camping club, photography club, chess club, quality development (DOD) club, and loving charity clubs Leisure facilities: basketball and volleyball courts, badminton court, snooker table, tennis table, and treadmills Sports and Health Stress Implement employee assistance programs, conduct stress management questionnaires, provide psychological counseling services, movie appreciation, and hold Management lectures and activities on physical and mental health, art, culture Equipped with a medical room and with full-time nursing staff and professional on-site doctors (contracted with the hospital) to provide free medical consultation, Health emergency response and other services Management Our employees enjoy free health examination once a year and proactively track their physical conditions regularly.
In addition, various health training and seminars, health promotion activities and hygiene activities are held from time to time Paternity leave (1), pregnancy checkup leave (2), maternity leave (3), parental leave (Nantou Facility), parental leave (Mainland China and Vietnam Facilities), breastfeeding leave (4) Parenting Equipped with breastfeeding rooms Related Family Employee wedding subsidies, maternity subsidies/congratulations, employee and their children's scholarships, and discounts on tuition and miscellaneous fees for Support preschool childcare services contracted vendors (Nantou Facility) Funeral allowance for employees and dependents, hospitalization solatium/allowance for employees, hospitalization solatium for employees' families (Mexico Condolences Facility), emergency subsidy Pay for on-boarding health check-up for employees, assist foreign employees or Expats to apply for residence permit/work permit; and team care and communication expenses (Mainland China Facilities) Others Build dedicated activity rooms, such as worship rooms, computer and network classrooms, libraries, reading room, Muse and Creativity Center (fitness room) On-site convenience stores to provide employees payment and ticketing services (Mainland China and Nantou Facilities) Provide information on restaurants, shopping stores, medical clinics, and language learning institutions with preferential partnerships Note: 1.
Paternity leave: Mainland China Facilities: 15 days; Nantou Facility: 7 days; Mexico Facility: 5 days; Vietnam Facility: 5 to 14 days.
2.
Maternity checkup leave: Mainland China Facilities: 0.5 day each time; Nantou Facility: 7 days; Vietnam Facility: 5 days.
3.
Maternity leave: Mainland China Facilities: more than 22 weeks; Nantou Facility: 8 weeks; Mexico Facility: 12 weeks; Vietnam Facility: 26 weeks.
4.
Breastfeeding leave: 60 minutes of breastfeeding time per day.
159 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement I. Coverage and Progress of our Supplier Screening Program K. Coverage and Progress of our Supplier Assessment Program Supplier Screening Unit 2023 Supplier Assessment Unit 2023 Target for 2023 Total number of Tier-1 suppliers - 456 Total number of suppliers assessed via desk - 357 320 suppliers Total number of Significant Suppliers (1) in Tier-1 - 192 assessments/on-site assessments Percentage of total spend on Significant Suppliers Percentage of unique Significant Suppliers assessed % 93 % 91 in Tier-1 Number of suppliers assessed with substantial - 65 Total number of Significant Suppliers in non-Tier 1 - 15 actual/potential negative impacts Total number of Significant Suppliers (Tier-1 and non- Percentage of suppliers with substantial actual/ - 207 Tier 1) potential negative impacts with agreed corrective % 100 action/improvement plan J. Supplier Selection by Country Number of suppliers with substantial actual/ - 0 potential negative impacts that were terminated Number of Number of Country Percentage Country Percentage Suppliers Suppliers L. Coverage and Progress of Suppliers with Corrective Action Plans Mainland British Virgin 189 41.45% 2 0.44% China Islands Corrective Action Plan Support Unit 2023 Target for 2023 Taiwan 179 39.25% Netherlands 2 0.44% Total number of suppliers supported in corrective - 65 65 suppliers United States 32 7.02% Ireland 2 0.44% action plan implementation Mexico 9 1.97% Denmark 1 0.22% Percentage of suppliers assessed with substantial actual/potential negative impacts supported in % 100 Singapore 8 1.75% Belgium 1 0.22% corrective action plan implementation Japan 7 1.54% Eswatini 1 0.22% Germany 6 1.32% France 1 0.22% M. Coverage and Progress of Suppliers in our Capacity Building Programs Korea 5 1.10% American Samoa 1 0.22% Israel 3 0.66% Malaysia 1 0.22% Capacity Building Programs Unit 2023 Target for 2023 Canada 2 0.44% Mauritius 1 0.22% Total number of suppliers in capacity building - 19 4 suppliers United programs 2 0.44% Samoan Islands 1 0.22% Kingdom Percentage of unique Significant Suppliers in % 1.0 Total 456 100% capacity building programs Note: 1.
Definition of Significant Suppliers include: II.
High Risk Suppliers: suppliers with priority or other non-conformances regarding labor rights, health and safety, I. Critical Tier-1 Suppliers: environment, sustainability, supply chain management or production safety violations that result in fines or i. Top 85% of direct material procurement amount.
shutdowns.
ii.
Indirect and packaging material suppliers with a procurement amount of more than USD 1 million.
III.
Critical non-Tier 1 Suppliers: Supplier that supply Critical Tier-1 suppliers or suppliers that supply 2 or more iii.
Suppliers for critical raw materials with low replaceability, such as printed circuit boards, semiconductor Tier-1 suppliers.
parts, mechanical parts, and connectors.
160 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Governance A. Business Ethics Anti-Corruption Trainings in 2023 Facility Zhangjiang Jinqiao Huizhou Kunshan Nantou Mexico Vietnam Total Senior Managers 203 107 165 131 391 116 51 1,164 Employees 2,315 1,049 4,071 2,090 4,074 2,052 624 16,275 (excluding senior managers) Training Rate (1) 111% 126% 157% 80% 108% 62% 90% 102% B. Scope Comparison Table of the 2023 Annual Report and Sustainability Report Sustainability Sustainability Entities Listed in the 2023 Annual Report Note Entities Listed in the 2023 Annual Report Note Report Scope Report Scope Universal Scientific Industrial (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Zhangjiang Facility Universal Scientific Industrial De Mexico S.A. De C.V. Mexico Facility Universal Global Scientific Industrial Co., Ltd. Nantou Facility Universal Scientific Industrial Vietnam Co., Ltd. Vietnam Facility Universal Global Technology (Kunshan) Co., Ltd. Kunshan Facility Universal Scientific Industrial (France) Universal Global Technology Co., Ltd. Universal Scientific Industrial Co., Ltd. Nantou Facility Universal Global Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Jinqiao Facility Universal Scientific Industrial Poland Sp.
z o.o. Universal Global Technology (Huizhou) Co., Ltd. Huizhou Facility Asteelflash (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. USI Electronics (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. M-Universe Investments Universal Global Industrial Co., Ltd. Note: 1.
Training Rate = (number of trainees number of senior managers/ employees at the end of 2023) X 100%   161 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement GRI Index Statement of use USI has reported the information cited in this GRI Index for the period of 01/01/2023 to 12/31/2023 with reference to the GRI Standards GRI 1 used GRI 1: Foundation 2021 Applicable GRI Sector Standards None GRI Disclosure Section Page Additional Explanation Standard GRI 2 General Disclosures 2021 The organization and its reporting practices 2-1 Organizational details About USI 5 Entities included in the organization's sustainability 2-2 About this Report 4 reporting 2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point About this Report 4 Recalibrated smart manufacturing star rating targets, please refer 2-4 Restatements of information - - to the note on P.45.
2-5 External assurance Third-Party Assurance Statement 173 Activities and workers About USI 5 2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships Product Value Chain 63 Workforce Structure 107 2-7 Employees Sustainability Data - Social 151 Occupational Health and Safety 2-8 Workers who are not employees 90 Management Governance 2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body Board Nomination and Responsibilities 35 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the Board Participation in Sustainability 2-12 35 management of impacts Governance 2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts Sustainability Committee 13 162 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement GRI Disclosure Section Page Additional Explanation Standard Role of the highest governance body in sustainability Board Participation in Sustainability 2-14 35 reporting Governance For details of directors serving other boards, please refer to the 2-15 Conflicts of interest Board Nomination and Responsibilities 35 USI website.
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body Continuous Education for Board Members 36 2-19 Remuneration policies Board Performance and Remuneration 35 Board Performance and Remuneration 35 2-20 Process to determine remuneration Comprehensive Compensation System 111 Strategies, policies, and practices 2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy Sustainability Strategy 15 Sustainability Policy 15 Business Ethics and Compliance 36 Quality and Service 64 Supplier Code of Conduct 68 2-23 Policy commitments 2-24 Embedding policy commitments Conflict Minerals Compliance 75 Nature, Climate Change and Carbon 80 Management Human Rights Protection 102 Social Activities Overview 128 Material Issues Risk Impact Management 27 2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts Stakeholder Engagement 29 2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns Business Ethics 36 2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations Regulatory Compliance 37 2-28 Membership associations External Participation 137 163 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement GRI Disclosure Section Page Additional Explanation Standard Stakeholder engagement 2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement Stakeholder Engagement 29 Employee Rights 106 2-30 Collective bargaining agreements Employee Unions 107 GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 3-1 Process to determine material topics Materiality Analysis 19 3-2 List of material topics Material Issues Risk Impact Management 25 GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosure Section Page Additional Explanation Material Topics Sustainable Supply Chain 3 Material Topics (2021) 3-3 Management of material topics Value Chain Management 62 204 Procurement Practices 204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers Supply Chain Management 67 308-1 New suppliers that were screened using Supplier Evaluation 69 environmental criteria 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment 308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain Supplier Sustainability Risk 71 and actions taken Management 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social Supplier Evaluation 69 criteria 414 Supplier Social Assessment 414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and Supplier Sustainability Risk 71 actions taken Management Conflict Minerals USI Specific Topic Sustainable Supply Chain 75 Compliance Sustainable Production Green Products and 3 Material Topics (2021) 3-3 Management of material topics 45 Innovation 164 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosure Section Page Additional Explanation USI Specific Topic Sustainable Production Sustainable Production 57 Green Products & Innovation Management Green Products and 3 Material Topics (2021) 3-3 Management of material topics 45 Innovation 302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and 302 Energy Promoting Green Design 54 services 416 Customer Health and 416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of Product Compliance 51 Safety product and service categories Green Products and USI Specific Topic Green Products and Innovation 47 Innovation SSE Listed Companies Self- Compliance with product safety laws, regulations, and Regulatory Guidelines No.
1 - Product Compliance 51 industry standards Regulations Human Rights 3 Material Topics (2021) 3-3 Management of material topics Inclusive Workplace 101 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions Human Rights Risk 406 Non-discrimination 105 taken Mitigation & Remediation 407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to There were no significant freedom of association and 407 Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining freedom of association and collective bargaining Due Diligence 102 collective bargaining risks found for any of our operations or may be at risk Employee Unions 107 suppliers Supplier Sustainability Risk 71 408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 408 Child Labor Management incidents of child labor Conflict Minerals 75 409 Forced or Compulsory 409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for Compliance Labor incidents of forced or compulsory labor 411 Rights of Indigenous 411-1 Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous Due Diligence 102 Peoples peoples Customer Relations 3 Material Topics (2021) 3-3 Management of material topics Value Chain Management 62 USI Specific Topic Customer Relations Customer Relations 64 165 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosure Section Page Additional Explanation Talent Attraction & Retention 3 Material Topics (2021) 3-3 Management of material topics Inclusive Workplace 101 201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other 201 Economic Performance Employee Benefits 113 retirement plans 202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender Comprehensive 112 compared to local minimum wage Compensation System 202 Market Presence 202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from the Workforce Structure 108 local community 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover Recruiting Right Talents 110 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are 401 Employment Employee Benefits 113 not provided to temporary or part-time employees 401-3 Parental leave Employee Benefits 114 402 Labor/Management 402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding operational Employee Rights 106 Relations changes 405 Diversity and Equal 405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to Comprehensive 112 Opportunity men Compensation System Cybersecurity Management 3 Material Topics (2021) 3-3 Management of material topics Operations and Governance 33 USI Specific Topic Cybersecurity Management Cybersecurity Management 43 Risk & Crisis Management 3 Material Topics (2021) 3-3 Management of material topics Operations and Governance 33 Enterprise Risk USI Specific Topic Risk and Crisis Management 38 Management Climate Strategy Environmental Protection 3 Material Topics (2021) 3-3 Management of material topics 78 and Occupational Safety 166 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosure Section Page Additional Explanation 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and Nature, Climate Change 201 Economic Performance 80 opportunities due to climate change and Carbon Management 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Carbon Management 82 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions Carbon Management 82 305 Emissions 305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions Carbon Management 83 305-4 GHG emissions intensity Carbon Management 82 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions Energy Management 83 Energy Management Environmental Protection 3 Material Topics (2021) 3-3 Management of material topics 79 and Occupational Safety 302-1 Energy consumption within the organization Energy Management 83 302 Energy 302-3 Energy intensity Energy Management 83 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption Energy Management 84 Waste Management Environmental Protection 3 Material Topics (2021) 3-3 Management of material topics 79 and Occupational Safety 306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related Waste Management 87 impacts 306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts Waste Management 87 306 Waste (2020) 306-3 Waste generated Waste Management 87 306-4 Waste diverted from disposal Waste Management 87 306-5 Waste directed to disposal Waste Management 87 167 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosure Section Page Additional Explanation Occupational Health & Safety Environmental Protection 3 Material Topics (2021) 3-3 Management of material topics 78 and Occupational Safety Occupational Health and 403-1 Occupational health and safety management system 90 Safety 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident Occupational Health and 91 investigation Safety Physical and Mental 403-3 Occupational health services 97 Healthcare 403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and Occupational Health and 90 communication on occupational health and safety Safety Management Occupational Health and 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety 95 Safety Management 403 Occupational Health and Safety (2018) Physical and Mental 403-6 Promotion of worker health 97 Healthcare 403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health Occupational Health and and safety impacts directly linked by business 91 Safety Management relationships 403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and Occupational Health and 90 safety management system Safety Occupational Incident 403-9 Work-related injuries 93 Management Occupational Health and 403-10 Work-related ill health 90 Safety Management Human Capital Development 3 Material Topics (2021) 3-3 Management of material topics Inclusive Workplace 101 Human Capital 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 123 Development 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and 404 Training and Education Tailored Career Plan 124 transition assistance programs 404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular Employee Performance 119 performance and career development reviews Appraisal & Development 168 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosure Section Page Additional Explanation Social Involvement 3 Material Topics (2021) 3-3 Management of material topics Social Involvement 127 USI Specific Topic Social Involvement Social Activities Overview 128 Letter from Chairman and Social Contribution per Share 7 SSE Listed Companies Self- President Regulatory Guidelines No.
1 - Community Responsibility Efforts Social Activities Overview 128 Regulations Rural Revitalization Projects Contributing to Society 132 Topic Standard Disclosures Financial Performance and 37 Tax Governance 201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed 201 Economic Performance Comprehensive 112 Compensation System 201-4 Financial assistance received from government ESG Key Performance Data 145 205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption Business Ethics 36 Business Ethics 36 205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption Sustainability Data - 205 Anti-corruption 161 policies and procedures Governance Supplier Code of Conduct 68 205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken Business Ethics 36 206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti- 206 Anti-competitive Behavior Regulatory Compliance 37 trust, and monopoly practices 303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource Water Management 85 303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts Water Management 85 303 Water and Effluents (2018) 303-3 Water withdrawal Water Management 85 303-4 Water discharge Water Management 85 169 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosure Section Page Additional Explanation 305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NO), sulfur oxides (SO), and other 305 Emissions x x Air Pollution Control 88 significant air emissions Board Nomination and 35 405 Diversity and Equal Responsibilities 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Opportunity Sustainability Data - Social 151 416 Customer Health and 416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health There were no violations or complaints concerning health Product Compliance 51 Safety and safety impacts of products and services and safety impact of products in 2023.
417-3 Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing There were no incidents of non-compliance concerning 417 Marketing and Labeling Regulatory Compliance 37 communications marketing communications in 2023.
There were no incidents of data breaches or customer privacy Regulatory Compliance 37 violations in 2023.
418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 418 Customer Privacy customer privacy and losses of customer data Customer Privacy 65 We did not receive any privacy complaints in 2023.
Protection USI Specific Disclosures Regulatory Compliance 37 Data Privacy Customer Privacy 65 USI Specific Topic Protection Nature, Climate Change Biodiversity 80 and Carbon Management Environmental protection investment and green Green Manufacturing and 89 technology development Expenditures Environmental pollution control equipment setup and Water Management 85 performance Voluntary agreements entered with environmental Nature, Climate Change 80 protection authorities to improve the environment and Carbon Management SSE Listed Companies Self- Regulatory Guidelines No.
1 - Sustainable Performance Regulations Recognitions from environmental protection authorities 9 Highlights Establishment of a safe and reliable production Quality and Service 64 environment and process Establishment of product quality and safety assurance measures and emergency response plans for product Quality and Service 64 safety incidents 170 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement SASB Index Unit of Topic Code Metric Summary Section Page Measure (1) Total water withdrawn, (2) total water consumed; Water Management TC-ES-140a.
1 percentage of each in regions with High or Extremely High m3, % Water Management 85 Baseline Water Stress (1) Amount of hazardous waste from manufacturing, Waste Management TC-ES-150a.
1 t, % Waste Management 87 (2) percentage recycled Number, There were no work stoppages due to Labor Practices TC-ES-310a.
1 (1) Number of work stoppages and (2) total days idle Employee Unions 107 days idle major labor disputes or strikes in 2023 (1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) and (2) near miss 94 TC-ES-320a.
1 frequency rate (NMFR) for (a) direct employees and (b) Rate Occupational Health & Safety 97 contract employees 1.
a) Percentage of Facilities that passed RBA VAP: 100% Percentage of (1) entity's facilities and (2) Tier-1 supplier 1.
b) Percentage of high-risk Facilities that passed RBA VAP: NA TC-ES-320a.
2 facilities audited in the RBA VAP or equivalent, % - 2.
a) Percentage of Tier-1 suppliers that passed RBA VAP: 10% Workforce by (a) all facilities and (b) high-risk facilities 2.
b) Percentage of high-risk Tier-1 suppliers that passed RBA VAP: 5% Conditions, 1.
i) Facilities' priority non-conformance rate: 0; Health & Safety other non-conformance rate 4.0 (1) Non-conformance rate with the RBA VAP or 1.
ii) Tier-1 suppliers' priority non-conformance rate: 0.02; equivalent and (2) associated corrective action rate for (a) other non-conformance rate 5.0 TC-ES-320a.
3 priority nonconformances and (b) other nonconformances, Rate - 2.
i) Facilities' priority corrective action rate: NA; disaggregated by (i) the entity's facilities and (ii) the entity's other corrective action rate 100% Tier-1 supplier facilities 2.
ii) Tier-1 suppliers' priority corrective action rate: 100%; other corrective action rate 66% Product Lifecycle Weight of end-of-life products and e-waste recovered; TC-ES-410a.
1 t, % N/A - - Management percentage recycled Enterprise Risk Management 39 Description of the management of risks associated with the Materials Sourcing TC-ES-440a.
1 N/A Supply Chain Management 66 use of critical materials Conflict Minerals Compliance 75 TC-ES-000.
A Number of manufacturing facilities Number Global Operations 6 Activity Metric TC-ES-000.
B Area of manufacturing facilities m2 About USI 5 TC-ES-000.
C Number of employees Number About USI 5 171 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Management Systems and Certifications Table Facility Zhangjiang Jinqiao Huizhou Kunshan Nantou Mexico Vietnam Management System (1) ISO 14001 ISO 14064-1 ISO 50001 ISO 45001 IECQ QC080000 TL 9000 - - - - ISO 9001 IATF 16949 - - ANSI/ESD S20.20 ISO 13485 - - - - ISO 26262 - - - - ISO 27001 - - - - - - ISO/SAE 21434 - - - - - - RBA VAP Note: 1.
All management systems are continuously updated to the latest version as of 2023.
172 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Third-Party Assurance Statement The assurance of this report has been conducted according to the following Assurance Standards: ASSURANCE STATEMENT Assurance Level of Assurance Standard Options A S anG dS g E uiS dG an & ce S iR n A A AA 1ss 0u 0r 0a )n ce Protocols (based on GRI Principles n/a SGS TAIWAN LTD.
S REPORT ON SUSTAINABILITY ACTIVITIES IN THE UNIVERSAL SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIAL (SHANGHAI) CO.
, LTD.
S AA1000ASv3 Type 2 B (AA1000AP Evaluation plus evaluation of Specified Performance High SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR 2023 Information) NATURE AND SCOPE OF THE ASSURANCE/VERIFICATION SCOPE OF ASSURANCE AND REPORTING CRITERIA SGS Taiwan Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as SGS) was commissioned by Universal Scientific Industrial (Shanghai) The scope of the assurance included evaluation of quality, accuracy and reliability of specified performance Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as USI) to conduct an independent assurance of the Sustainability Report for information as detailed below and evaluation of adherence to the following reporting criteria: 2023 (hereinafter referred to as the Sustainability Report).
The scope of assurance is based on the SGS Sustainability Report Assurance methodology and AA1000 Assurance Standard v3 Type 2 High level to assess Reporting Criteria Options whether the text and data in accompanying tables contained in the report and complies with the GRI Standards, SASB (ELECTRONIC MANUFACTURING SERVICES & ORIGINAL DESIGN MANUFACTURING) (VERSION 1 GRI Universal Standard (2021) (Reference) 2023-12) and AA1000 Accountability Principles (2018) during on-site assurance (2024/3/11~2024/04/30).
The boundary of this report includes USI Zhangjiang, Jinqiao, Huizhou, Kunshan, Nantou, Mexico, and Vietnam 2 AA1000 Accountability Principles (2018) F tha ec i rl eit pie os r' t s pp re ec si efi nc t ep de .
r f To hrm e a an sc se u rd aa nt ca e in pc rolu cd ee sd s t dh ide ns oa tm inp cle lud d t ee x tht, e a en vd a d lua ata tio i nn oa fc sc po em cp ifa icn y pi en rg fo t ra mb ale ns c, ec o inn fota ri mne ad ti oin n 3 S MA AS NB U F(E AL CE TC UT RR IO NGNI )C ( VM EA RN SU IOF NAC 2T 0U 23R -I 1N 2G ) SERVICES & ORIGINAL DESIGN outside the scope, such as climate-related financial disclosures (TCFD).
The evaluation includes AA1000 Assurance Standard v3 Type 2 evaluation of the report content and SGS reserves the right to update the assurance statement from time to time depending on the level of report content discrepancy of the published version from the agreed standards requirements.
supporting management systems against the AA1000 Accountability Principles (2018).
The evaluation of the reliability and quality of specified sustainability performance information in USI s INTENDED USERS OF THIS ASSURANCE STATEMENT Sustainability Report is limited to determined material topics and the agreed USI s specific performance This Assurance Statement is provided with the intention of informing all USI s Stakeholders.
as conducted in accordance with Type 2 of AA1000AS v3 sustainability assurance engagement at a high level of scrutiny for USI and high level of scrutiny for its subsidiaries or joint ventures.
RESPONSIBILITIES   The evaluation of the report against the requirements of GRI Standards is listed in the GRI content The information in the USI s Sustainability Report of 2023 and its presentation are the responsibility of the index as material in the report and is conducted with reference to the Standards.
directors or governing body (as applicable) and management of USI.
SGS has not been involved in the   The evaluation of the report against the SASB Disclosures and Metrics included in the ELECTRONIC preparation of any of the material included in the Sustainability Report.
MANUFACTURING SERVICES & ORIGINAL DESIGN MANUFACTURING Sustainability Accounting Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the report content within the scope of assurance with the intention Standard (VERSION 2023-12) and conducted alongside an evaluation of accuracy assurance at high to inform all USI s stakeholders.
level of scrutiny.
ASSURANCE STANDARDS, TYPE AND LEVEL OF ASSURANCE SPECIFIED PERFORMANCE INFORMATION AND DISCLOSURES INCLUDED IN SCOPE The SGS ESG & Sustainability Report Assurance protocols used to conduct assurance are based upon The agreed USI s specific performance are as the following  internationally recognized assurance guidance and standards including the principles of reporting process contained within the Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Standards (GRI Standards) GRI 1:   Supplier Screening Coverage & Progress Foundation 2021 for report quality, GRI 2: General Disclosure 2021 for organisation s reporting practices and   Supplier Assessment Program Coverage & Progress other organizational detail, GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 for organisation s process of determining material topics,   Suppliers with Corrective Action Plans Coverage & Progress its list of material topics and how to manage each topic, and the guidance on levels of assurance contained within   Suppliers in Capacity Building Programs Coverage & Progress the AA1000 series of standards.
Volatile Organic Compounds Emissions (GRI 305-7)   Waste Disposal (GRI 306)   Hazardous Waste (GRI 306)   Water Consumption (GRI 303-3) (cid:100)(cid:116)(cid:62)(cid:87)(cid:87)(cid:1009)(cid:1004)(cid:1004)(cid:1012)(cid:3)(cid:47)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:1004)(cid:1008) (cid:100)(cid:116)(cid:62)(cid:87)(cid:87)(cid:1009)(cid:1004)(cid:1004)(cid:1012)(cid:3)(cid:47)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:1004)(cid:1008) (cid:3) 173 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Third-Party Assurance Statement ASSURANCE METHODOLOGY Impact The assurance comprised a combination of pre-assurance research, interviews with relevant employees, USI has demonstrated a process on identifying impacts that fairly encompass a range of environmental, social superintendents, Sustainability Committee Secretariat and the senior management in Nantou; documentation and and governance topics from wide range of sources, such as activities, policies, programs, decisions and products record review and validation with external bodies and/or stakeholders where relevant.
and services, as well as any related performance.
Impacts related to material topics were in place at target setting with relevant measurements and evaluation, leading to more effective decision-making and results-based LIMITATIONS AND MITIGATION management.
In the future impact assessment, it is encouraged to incorporate human rights impacts into the Financial data drawn directly from independently audited financial accounts, Total Impact Measurement and assessment and analysis of each topic, and to appropriately present the results as well, rather than listing it as a Management, and Social Return on Investment assessments (SROI) and Task Force on Climate-related Financial separate specific topic.
Disclosures (TCFD) has not been checked back to source as part of this assurance process.
GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE REPORTING STANDARDS CONCLUSIONS, FINDINGS AND STATEMENT OF INDEPENDENCE AND COMPETENCE RECOMMENDATIONS The SGS Group of companies is the world leader in inspection, testing and assurance, operating in more than The report, USI s Sustainability Report of 2023, is reporting with reference to the GRI Universal Standards 2021 140 countries and providing services including management systems and service certification; quality, and complies with the requirements set out in section 3 of GRI 1: Foundation 2021.
The significant impacts were environmental, social and ethical auditing and training; environmental, social and Sustainability Report assurance.
assessed and disclosed with reference to the guidance defined in GRI 3: Material Topic 2021 and the relevant SGS affirm our independence from USI, being free from bias and conflicts of interest with the organisation, its 200/300/400 series Topic Standard related to Material Topic have been disclosed.
The report has properly subsidiaries and stakeholders.
disclosed information related to USI s contributions to sustainability development.
For future reporting, USI is encouraged to prepare for the transition to reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards, with more The assurance team was assembled based on their knowledge, experience and qualifications for this assignment, comprehensive details of its management processes on the identified impacts on the economy, environment, and and comprised auditors registered with ISO 26000, ISO 20121, ISO 50001, SA8000, RBA, QMS, EMS, SMS, people, including impacts on their human rights.
As well as it is recommended to set management indicators and GPMS, CFP, WFP, GHG Verification and GHG Validation Lead Auditors and experience on the SRA Assurance targets for external impacts and stakeholder concerns and incorporate them into tracking and discussion at the service provisions.
governance body, in order to comprehensively demonstrate the completeness of due diligence.
ASSURANCE/VERIFICATION OPINION SASB CONCLUSIONS, FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATIONS On the basis of the methodology described and the assurance work performed, we are satisfied that the disclosure USI has referenced with SASB s Standard, ELECTRONIC MANUFACTURING SERVICES & ORIGINAL DESIGN with inclusivity, materiality, responsiveness, and impact information in the scope of assurance is reliable, has MANUFACTURING, VERSION 2023-12 to disclose information of material topics that are vital for enterprise value been fairly stated and has been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.
creation.
The reporting boundaries of the disclosed information correspond to the financial data reported in USI s We believe that the organisation has chosen an appropriate level of assurance for this stage in their reporting.
Sustainability Report of 2023.
USI used SASB accounting and activity metrics to assess and manage the topic- related risks and opportunities, where relevant quantitative information was assessed for its accuracy and QUALITY AND RELIABILITY OF SPECIFIED PERFORMANCE INFORMATION completeness to support the comparability of the data reported.
Process to identify, assess, and manage topic- The agreed USI s specific performance information is free from material misstatement and disclosed in an related risks and opportunities were integrated into USI s overall management process.
It is recommended that impartial manner in Sustainability Report.
In the future, USI may consider reflecting the corresponding topics of monitoring internal and external drivers of ESG risk and opportunity and the evolution of SASB Standards to those in the material topic identification results.
enhance continuous improvement.
AA1000 ACCOUNTABILITY PRINCIPLES (2018) CONCLUSIONS, FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATIONS Inclusivity USI has demonstrated a commitment to stakeholder inclusivity and stakeholder engagement.
Regular and immediate communication channels are established for major stakeholders, such as investors, customers, employees, suppliers, government, associations and local communities, and their concerns are analyzed and responded to.
Signed: For and on behalf of SGS Taiwan Ltd. Materiality USI has established effective processes for determining issues that are material to the business.
In the process, the degree of stakeholder concerns, impacts on sustainability topics, and impacts on operations were considered.
Some impacts were also monetized for consideration.
As well as USI prioritizes reporting on those topics at appropriate level.
The identified results were confirmed by the governing bodies and corresponding management and disclosures were made.
Stephen Pao Responsiveness Business Assurance Director The report includes coverage given to stakeholder engagement and channels for stakeholder feedback.
Those Taipei, Taiwan topics stakeholders concerned were reflected in material topics identification and relevant communication 30 May, 2024 performance was demonstrated in the report.
WWW.
SGS.
COM (cid:100)(cid:116)(cid:62)(cid:87)(cid:87)(cid:1009)(cid:1004)(cid:1004)(cid:1012)(cid:3)(cid:47)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:1004)(cid:1008) (cid:3) (cid:100)(cid:116)(cid:62)(cid:87)(cid:87)(cid:1009)(cid:1004)(cid:1004)(cid:1012)(cid:3)(cid:47)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:1004)(cid:1008) (cid:3) 174 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Manufacturing Sites USI Asteelflash SHANGHAI-ZHANGJIANG NANTOU-TSAOTUEN ASTEELFLASH TECHNOLOGIES No.
1558, Zhang Dong Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai No.
141, Lane 351, Sec.
1, Taiping Road, Tsaotuen, Nantou County Rue de G tel, ZI Nord, P le activit s d'Ecouves, 61250 201203, China 542007, Taiwan Valframbert, France Tel: +86-21-5896-6996 Tel: +886-49-235-0876 Tel: +33-2-3380-3450 SHANGHAI-JINQIAO NANTOU-NANKANG 1 ASTEELFLASH ATLANTIQUE No.
501, Longgui Road, Jinqiao Export Processing (South) No.
300, Gongye Road, Nantou City, Nantou County 540027, Le Clos de La Gr e, 35660 Langon, France Zone, Pudong New Area, Shanghai 201201, China Taiwan Tel: +33-2-9908-6666 Tel: +86-21-3813-6668 Tel: +886-49-221-2700 ASTEELFLASH EST SHANGHAI-SHENGXIA NANTOU-NANKANG 2 9, rue Amp re, 67120 Duttlenheim, France Building 10, No.
169, Shengxia Road, Pudong New Area, No.
4, Ziqiang 3rd Rd.
, Nantou City, Nantou County 540027, Tel: +33-3-8804-6450 Shanghai 201210, China Taiwan Tel: +86-21-3813-6668 Tel: +886-49-221-2700 ASTEELFLASH D VELOPPEMENT 43, chemin du Vieux-Ch ne, 38240 Meylan, France HUIZHOU MEXICO Tel: +33-4-7663-3350 No.
369, Xinhe Boulevard, West District Daya Bay, Huizhou City, Anillo Perif rico Manuel G mez Morin No.
656, Jardines de Santa Guangdong Province 516083, China Isabel, C. P. 44300, Guadalajara, Jalisco, M xico ASTEELFLASH LORRAINE Tel: +86-752-5830-888 Tel: +52-33-3648-1800 1 Rte de St  me, ZA Champs de l'Etraye, 88120 Cleurie, France Tel: +33-3-2928-8888 KUNSHAN POLAND No.
497 Huangpujiang Road, Qiandeng, Kunshan City, Suzhou, ul.
Innowacyjna 4, 55-040 Biskupice Podg rne, Lower Silesia, ASTEELFLASH NORMANDIE Jiangsu Province 215341, China Poland Bd L nine, 76800 Saint- tienne-du-Rouvray, France Tel: +86-512-5528-0000 Tel: +48-71-769-4720 Tel: +33-2-3210-7000 VIETNAM ASTEELFLASH  LE-DE-FRANCE Lot CN4.1H Dinh Vu Industrial Zone, DinhVu-Cat Hai Economic Zone, Dong Hai 2 Ward, Hai An District, Hai Phong City, Vietnam Zone Industrielle, BP 5, 02200 Mercin Et Vaux, France Tel: +84-225-385-9989 Tel: +33-3-2375-5800 175 Sustainability Operations Green Products Value Chain Environmental Protection Inclusive Social About this Report Appendix Management and Governance and Innovation Management and Occupational Safety Workplace Involvement Sales Offices HEADQUARTERS Asteelflash No.
169, Shengxia Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai 201210, China Tel: +86-21-5896-6996 ASTEELFLASH BAD HERSFELD ASTEELFLASH FREMONT Konrad-Zuse-Stra e 19, 36251 Bad Hersfeld, Germany 4211 Starboard Drive, Fremont, CA 94538, USA SUZHOU Tel: +49 (0) 6621-84-201 Tel: +1-510-440-2840 No.
8 Gutang Road, Wujiang District, Suzhou, Jiangsu Province 215200, China Tel: +86-512-6343-6156 ASTEELFLASH BONN ASTEELFLASH TIJUANA Allerstra e 31, 53332 Bornheim-Hersel, Germany Avenida Producci n No.
5-A Parque Industrial Finsa, 22427 HONG KONG Tel: +49 (0) 2222-9964-101 Tijuana, B.C., M xico Unit A, 7/F.
, Yuen Long Hi Tech Centre, 11 Wang Yip Street West, Tel: +52-664-231-5007 Yuen Long, New Territories, Hong Kong ASTEELFLASH EBERBACH Tel: +852-2109-0166 Neuer Weg-Nord 49, 69412 Eberbach, Germany ASTEELFLASH SUZHOU EUROPE Tel: +49 (0) 6271-81-200 No.
8 Gutang Road, WETDZ, Wujiang District, Suzhou, Jiangsu Province 215200, China Dr ve Richelle, 161M, WOP, Box 23, 1410 Waterloo, Belgium Tel: +32-2-647-8461 ASTEELFLASH DESIGN SOLUTIONS HAMBURG Tel: +86-512-6343-6156 Meiendorfer Stra e 205, 22145 Hamburg, Germany USA Tel: +49-040-2022-997-363 4211 Starboard Drive, Fremont, CA 94538, USA Hirschmann Car Communication Tel: +1-510-440-2840 ASTEELFLASH BEDFORD JAPAN Unit 1 and 2-St Martins Way, St Martins Business Centre, NECKARTENZLINGEN Bedford MK42 0LF, UK Sumitomo Fudosan Shin-yokohama Bldg.
10F 2-5-5, Shin- Stuttgarter Stra e 45-51, 72654 Neckartenzlingen, yokohama, Kouhoku-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa, 222-0033, Japan Tel: +44-1234-216-222 Germany Tel: +81-45-478-7317 Tel: +49-7127-140 ASTEELFLASH PLZEN SINGAPORE Podnikatelsk  1227/24, 301 00 Plzen, Czech Republic B K SCSABA 3 Fusionopolis Link #02-10, Nexus@One-North, South Tower, Tel: +420-373-740-905 Singapore 138543 Csorv si  t 35.
5600 B k scsaba, Hungary Tel: +65-6500-1310 Tel: +36-66-621-400 ASTEELFLASH LA SOUKRA TAIPEI 104 Avenue de l'UMA - 2045 Soukra, Tunis, Tunisia Room 6, 3F, No.
66, Sanchong Road, Nangang District, Taipei Tel: +216-36-066-015 115602, Taiwan Tel: +886-2-2782-0366 176 Published by Universal Scientific Industrial (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Publisher Jeffrey Chen / C.Y. Wei Address No.
1558, Zhang Dong Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai 201203 No.
141, Lane 351, Sec.
1, Taiping Rd.
, Tsaotuen, Nantou 542007 Telephone +86-21-5896-6996 +886-49-235-0876 Editorial QA&CSR / S&HS / CSR Supervisor Editorial Design President Office Editor-in-Chief Aaron Chen Senior Editor Yunren Lee Executive Editors May Lee/ Nancy Lin/ Chingyi Lin/ Water Liu/ Momoco Chang/ Joanna Wei/ YuAn Chen/ YuJing Yeh Web Editors Ticky Wang/ May Lee/ Nancy Lin/ Chingyi Lin/ Water Liu/ Momoco Chang/ Joanna Wei/ YuAn Chen/ YuJing Yeh Website https://www.
usiglobal.com/csr Editorial Stanley Lee/ Janice Chen/ Lois Lin/ Mosa Lin/ CMH/ Rosie Liang/ Committee April Zeng/ Eva Li/ YK Hou/ Andy Leu/ Ziyu Xu/ J.C. Hong/ Andy Chu/ Justin Chen/ Ivana Zang/ Martin Lai/ Will Liu/ Emmy Yang/ Bordin Lin/ Terrence Lee/ Andy Lin/ Litong Lin/ Alvin Liao/ SP Tang/ Jerry Chung/ Taylor Xie/ Enoch Liu/ Carson Cao/ Jeff Lin/ Chaofu Huang/ Jenna Jing/ Andy Liu/ Dawn Li/ Paige Ge/ Achung Lin/ Brendan Yao/ SW Tsai/ Irene Chang/ Nancy Chang/ Luan Hsieh/ CW Fu/ CJ Liu/ Craig Shih/ ST Chen/ Cindy Chang/ Sin Bai/ Juan Morfin/ Jane Phung Art Design IDEAMAX Digital Visual Design Co., Ltd. Paper from responsible sources and printed with EU RoHS compliant toner.
