SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 VGI Public Company Limited TABLE OF CONTENTS 01 02 INTRODUCTION SUSTAINABILITY DEVELOPMENT AT VGI 1.1 About This Report 81 2.1 Materiality Assessment 90 1.2 Message from the Chairman 83 2.2 Stakeholder Engagement 95 1.3 Ambition and Strategy 84 2.3 Sustainability Development Policy and Goals 99 1.4 VGI Ecosystem and Value Chain 86 2.4 Sustainability Awards and Achievements 102 in 2023/24 03 04 GOVERNANCE AND ECONOMIC DIMENSION SOCIAL DIMENSION 3.1 Corporate Governance and Business Conduct 104 4.1 Customer Relationship Management 126 3.2 Risk and Crisis Management 110 4.2 Human Resources Development 128 3.3 Supply Chain Management 114 and Well-Being 3.4 Innovation 118 4.3 Human Rights 133 3.5 Information Technology Security 122 4.4 Social and Community Development 136 and Personal Data Privacy 4.5 Occupational Health and Safety 140 4.6 Responsibility Towards Advertising 142 and Media Content 05 06 ENVIRONMENTAL DIMENSION SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE SUMMARY 5.1 Climate and Energy Strategy 144 6.1 Sustainability Performance Report 154 5.2 Waste Management 149 6.2 GRI Content Index 155 6.3 Independent Assurance Statement 156 6.4 Survey of Readers  Opinion 159 01 INTRODUCTION 1.1 About This Report 1.2 Message from the Chairman 1.3 Ambition and Strategy 1.4 VGI Ecosystem and Value Chain 1.1 ABOUT THIS REPORT (GRI 2-1, 2-3, 2-5, 2-6, 3-1, 3-2) VGI Public Company Limited ( VGI  or  the Company ) has been compiling an annual sustainability report since 2014 to communicate its vision, strategy, management, operation process and the Company s sustainability performance based on essential sustainability to all stakeholders and businesses, covering the Company s operations and performance progress in various dimensions.
The 2023/24 Sustainability Report includes the Company s economic, social and environmental performance between April 1st, 2023 to March 31st, 2024.
The report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards (GRI Standards), covering the evaluation of 13 material sustainability issues.
VGI s performance evaluation includes the Company s business conduct in Thailand and other subsidiaries where VGI holds more than 50% of shares and controls their operations.
The social and environmental performance indicators disclosed in this Sustainability Report are thoroughly verified by the independent auditor Lloyd s Register Quality Assurance (LRQA) independent auditors to assure comprehensive data collection, accuracy, completeness and reliability.
The data verified in 2023/24 includes GRI 3, GRI 302-1, GRI 303-3, GRI 303-4, GRI 303-5, GRI 305-1, GRI 305-2, GRI 305-3, GRI 306-3, GRI 306-4, GRI 306-5, GRI 403-9 and GRI 405-2.
Moreover, this Sustainability Report is reviewed and approved by the Board Committee.
In this regard, more details about the business nature, management structure, corporate governance, risk management, internal control, internal audit, and overall performance of VGI can be found at https://investor.
vgi.
co.
th/ en/document/annual-reports.
For more information, please contact: Company Secretary Division VGI Public Company Limited 21 TST Tower, 9th Floor, Viphavadi-Rangsit Road, Chomphon, Chatuchak, Bangkok 10900 Thailand +66 (0) 2273 8884 Email: vgisustainability@vgi.
co.
th SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 81 82 VGI Public Company Limited 1.2 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN (GRI 2-22) Dear Shareholders and Stakeholders, This year is a special year for VGI as it marks our 25th anniversary.
At the core of our business lies our longstanding vision of  Pioneering Solutions for Tomorrow.
With this, VGI prioritises impactful integration across its ecosystem to build resilience while fostering sustainable value creation for the organisation.
This philosophy has been deep-rooted in the foundation across all our business operations.
In order for us to best address the needs of our consumer and revolutionise their experiences, we harness the power of our innovative services, all-encompassing ecosystem and advanced digital technology.
Over the past several years, VGI has been able to navigate our business through numerous challenges, including the role of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in shaping the global economy and continuous shifts in consumer behaviour.
Nevertheless, we remain confident in the resilience of our business strategy, especially in our provision of Offline-to-Online (O2O) Solutions, which have driven VGI to adapt to the ever-changing world.
Apart from this, VGI is dedicated to operating and growing our business in a sustainable direction across all our platforms.
By using the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) as a compass to guide the innovations and to conduct our business responsibly, we aim to enhance the well-being of our environment and society towards a sustainable future.
VGI is cognisant of the significant role stakeholder engagement plays within our value chain in driving our mission towards sustainable growth for success.
Our dedication to foster sustainability extends beyond our organisation to include the responsibility to conduct our business to create positive impact to the society, communities and the environment.
VGI adheres to principles of good governance and conducts its business with transparency and accountability to instill confidence and ensure fair treatment for our stakeholders.
Furthermore, we recognise our employees as a valuable resource for the Company.
For this reason, we conduct our business with the utmost respect to human rights and carry our operations in accordance with our Human Rights Policy to promote diversity, equity and inclusion with zero tolerance for discrimination.
This year, VGI conducted its Human Rights Due Diligence (HRDD) to formally review the Company s process and procedures for mitigation and remediation, as well as assess the risks and impact of human rights issues.
Moreover, the Company supports the dissemination of educational content to enhance social awareness of diverse sustainability topics through VGI s advertising space.
In relation to environmental sustainability, we recognise that environmental crisis can profoundly impact the private sector, society and our communities, hence we continuously strive to improve our operational energy efficiency and reduce our carbon emissions.
Over the past two years, VGI has been a certified carbon neutral company and has maintained at least 10% of its energy consumption from renewable sources through the procurement and investment of Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs).
Our environmental activities highlight the Company s dedication in being a part of the driving force to help Thailand achieve its goal to become Carbon Neutral by 2050 and Net Zero by 2065 in accordance with the Paris Agreement.
VGI s perseverance in driving sustainable development has earned us national and international recognition.
This year, we are proud of our inclusion within the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2024 for our 3rd consecutive year and maintained our dominance as global sustainability leader within the Media, Movies & Entertainment sector for the 2nd consecutive year with a score of 82/100.
Furthermore, VGI earned its inclusion within the SET ESG Ratings from the Stock Exchange of Thailand, being ranked with an  AA  for the first time, and has also received an  Excellent  or a  5-star  rating in Good Governance from the Thai Institute of Directors Association (IOD) for its 8th consecutive year.
To conclude, I would like to extend my heartfelt appreciation to all our Board of Directors and employees for their continuous contribution towards sustainable development for the organisation and greater society.
Beyond this, my sincerest gratitude goes to all our stakeholders for instilling their continuous trust and support in VGI.
I am profoundly honoured and confident that your collective contribution will accelerate the growth of VGI towards a direction that uplifts the wellbeing of society and the environment towards a more sustainable outlook.
Keeree Kanjanapas Chairman of the Board of Directors SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 83 1.3 AMBITION AND STRATEGY (GRI 2-23) VISION MISSION Pioneering Solutions for Tomorrow   Design pioneering experiences for consumers   Create a pioneering platform for brands   Build pioneering and sustainable business for stakeholders, society and the environment VGI VALUES Offline to Solutions Online Data Connector Digital Advertising Distribution Services Platform V G I VAL UES GROWTH INN OVATIO N We believe in long-term value We aim to achieve industry-leading We commit to digitalisation, creation.
Creating sustainable growth.
Strengthening our unique technologies and R&D excellence value for our shareholders, partners business units and partnering with to develop and launch new and society is our fundamental key complimentary market leaders generations of products and principle.
around the world are our key growth solutions that meet ever-changing differentiators.
consumer demands.
84 VGI Public Company Limited STRATEGY VGI aims to be the market leader in providing Offline-to-Online ( O2O ) Solutions.
The Company continues to build on the foundations of its business model established by acquisitions and partnerships.
Its strategy is clear: strengthening the integration of its offline to online platform, spanned by the continual enrichment of VGI s data sources, to provide optimal O2O Solutions for its clients.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 85 1.4 VGI ECOSYSTEM AND VALUE CHAIN (GRI 2-6) VGI is a service provider of Offline-to-Online (O2O) Solutions Advertising with a complete ecosystem on media business platforms including advertising, payment services and distribution businesses.
The Company aims to be a leader in creating new experiences for consumers, meeting the needs of advertisers and brands with unique solutions through the Company s ecosystem.
Moreover, the Company is committed to growing the business and creating sustainability for all groups of stakeholders.
Advertising Digital Services Advertising in transit network ( Transit media ) VGI was granted the exclusive rights to manage Distribution media on over 37,000 static displays and 2,300 digital screens in trains and on stations in the form of LCD screens with high potential to reach and communicate with millions of media audiences using urban public transport.
Advertising in office buildings ( Office media ) Advertisement distribution that reaches office workers groups.
VGI owns the largest office media network with 203 office buildings and 1,713 screens.
Billboards and street furniture advertising ( Outdoor media ) Outdoor media managed through ROCTEC1 and PlanB Media Public Company Limited covers areas across the country, reaching a large audience of advertising media and helping to effectively create awareness and brand recognition.
Note 1 On December 28th, 2023, Master Ad Public Company Limited officially changed its name to Roctec 86 VGI Public Company Limited Global Public Company Limited ("ROCTEC") (GRI 2-6) Digital Services Distribution Cashless Payment Offline and online payments on the mass transit system and retail stores.
Currently, approximately 17.8 mn Rabbit cards and co-branded cards are sold, and over 800 retails are partnered from various businesses which the card holders can make payments.
Rabbit Care Leader in online insurance (InsurTech) and financial products (FinTech) comparison platform Rabbit Cash Super Turtle Public Company Limited (TURTLE) An online lending service provider TURTLE is a mass transit retail provider focusing on providing that offers easy, convenient and fast convenience and value to Thai customers, consisting of access to financial resources for 3 types of businesses: retail, commercial space rental on BTS Thai consumers without adhering to SkyTrain and publishing/book business.
traditional lending conditions.
Fanslink Communication Company Limited (Fanslink) Fanslink is a leading company in brand management and multi-platform commerce that includes, pet products, health and beauty products, and smart home gadgets.
Fanslink also provides comprehensive commercial services and go-to-market strategies for various brands on both online and offline platforms.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 87 VGI VALUE CHAIN (GRI 2-6) VGI continually pursues business opportunities through strategic alliances and ecosystem integration in advertising media platforms, digital services and distribution businesses.
Under VGI s main advertising media business, the Company continues to develop advertising media channels to meet the needs of advertisers and brands.
In addition, the spending data analysis from VGI s digital services can also enhance advertising media service by reaching target customers and encouraging more customer engagement with the brand.
Moreover, this ecosystem paves access to consumers  behaviors and interests through their various offline and online payment service transactions, which will help develop and strengthen the Company s database in more depth.
This creates a deeper awareness of the product by building a stronger relationship between the development and the consumer, as well as encouraging more purchases or service appliances.
As for the distribution business, the Company has developed various products and services to meet the needs of consumers, for instance, retailer and managing leasing spaces on BTS SkyTrain stations, brand management, and distributor for products from China s leading brands.
Additionally, VGI s payment service business also complements and boosts its distribution business by offering cashless payment services to consumers.
Employees Shareholders / Investors Infrastructure Procurement Services Strategic Ecosystem VGI Business Value Chain Communities, Business Society and the Partners Environment Marketing Development and and Sales Operation Primary Activities Human Resources Technological Management Development Government Support Activities Customers Agencies Stakeholders 88 VGI Public Company Limited 02 SUSTAINABILITY DEVELOPMENT AT VGI 2.1 Materiality Assessment 2.2 Stakeholder Engagement 2.3 Sustainability Development Policy and Goals 2.4 Sustainability Awards and Achievements in 2023/24 2.1 MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT (GRI 3-1 ) VGI conducted an enterprise materiality assessment on an annual basis, taking into consideration both internal and external factors that cover the Company s risks, impact issues and stakeholder expectations.
Internal factors include impacts of economic, social and environmental risks and opportunities that may arise across VGI s operations and value chain.
External factors in identifying material issues consist of global trends, external stakeholder opinions and sustainability issues of concern in the same industry.
The assessment is conducted based on the principle of double materiality, a concept in which the Company assesses environmental, social and governance (ESG) impact on the Company (internal), as well as the Company s ESG impact from activities throughout the value chain towards stakeholder groups.
The criteria on assessing the impacts are based on the Company s Enterprise Risk Management criteria, therefore issues can later be integrated when assessing the Company s risk factors.
Furthermore, it has been verified by a third-party assurance provider and integrated in the Company s Enterprise Risk Management process.
Material issues are prioritised and ranked based on their overall impact and the results are signed off by the Board of Directors.
The Company has implemented the principles of GRI Standards 2021 on sustainability disclosure (GRI 3: Material Topics 2021), and the content selection and materiality assessment process can be summarised as follows: 1 2 3 4 Understand the Identify Actual and Assess the Significance Prioritise the Most Organisation s Context Potential Impacts of the Impacts Significant Impacts for Reporting VGI reviewed the organisation s The Company discussed VGI conducted an assessment VGI then prioritised material business activities, sustainability with internal departments to evaluate the significance sustainability issues by considering context and relationship with and external stakeholders to of identified impacts by the 2 criteria: (1) significance to stakeholders throughout the value identify actual and potential scale of impact, scope of stakeholders and (2) significance chain.
Moreover, the Company impacts of material issues on impact, likelihood of impact and of impact on business in economic, analysed global sustainability the Company s stakeholders, irremediable nature of impact.
social and environmental trends and international standards economy, environment and In addition, the Company dimensions.
The issues were across the industry to compile human rights, covering both conducted an expert testing categorised into high, medium and sustainability issues that are positive and negative impacts.
by integrating data from the low priorities.
relevant to the Company s business expert interview.
and stakeholders throughout the The results of material sustainability value chain.
The following factors issues were presented to the were taken into consideration for Sustainability Committee by the identifying sustainability issues: recommendations of the Executive   Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Committee, to review and validate Standards the prioritisation of the materiality   S&P Global ESG Indices assessment results, and to be   MSCI Index endorsed by the Board of Directors   Sustainability Accounting to ensure its consistency in the Standards Board (SASB) context of VGI s strategy.
SET ESG Ratings Index   Global trends for media, movies and the entertainment industry 90 VGI Public Company Limited Material Sustainability Issues Sustainability Scope of Impact Material Issues GRI Standards 2021 Development Internal External Goals (SDGs) ECONOMIC AND GOVERNANCE DIMENSION 1.
Corporate Governance and Management of Material Topics (GRI 3-3) 16, 17 Business Conduct Anti-Corruption (GRI 205-2, GRI 205-3) Public Policy (GRI 415-1) 2.
Supply Chain Management Management of Material Topics (GRI 3-3) 5, 8, 16 Supplier Environmental Assessment (GRI 308-1) Supplier Social Assessment (GRI 414-1, GRI 414-2) 3.
Risk and Crisis Management Management of Material Topics (GRI 3-3) 8, 16 4.
Innovation Management of Material Topics (GRI 3-3) 8, 9 Waste (GRI 306-1, GRI 306-2, GRI 306-3, GRI 306-4, GRI 306-5) 5.
Information Security and Management of Material Topics (GRI 3-3) 3, 8, 16 Data Privacy Customer Privacy (GRI 418-1) SOCIAL DIMENSION 6.
Customer Relationship Management of Material Topics (GRI 3-3) 8, 9, 11, 17 Management 7.
Human Resources Management of Material Topics (GRI 3-3) 3, 4, 5, 8, 10 Development and Well-Being Employment (GRI 401-1, GRI 401-2, GRI 401-3) Training and Education (GRI 404-1, GRI 404-2, GRI 404-3) Diversity and Equal Opportunity (GRI 405-1, GRI 405-2) 8.
Human Rights Management of Material Topics (GRI 3-3) 3, 5, 8, 19 9.
Social and Community Management of Material Topics (GRI 3-3) 3, 4, 8, 9, 13 Development Economic Performance (GRI 201-1) 10.
Occupational Health and Management of Material Topics (GRI 3-3) 3 Safety Occupational Health and Safety (GRI 403-1, GRI 403-2, GRI 403-6, GRI 403-9) 11.
Responsibility of Content Management of Material Topics (GRI 3-3) 12, 16 ENVIRONMENTAL DIMENSION 12.
Climate and Energy Strategy Management of Material Topics (GRI 3-3) 3, 7, 8, 11, 12, 13, 14, Energy (GRI 302-1, GRI 202-4) 15, 17 Emission (GRI 305-1, GRI 305-2, GRI 305-3, GRI 305-5) 13.
Waste Management Management of Material Topics (GRI 3-3) 3, 6, 9, 11, 12, 13, 17 Remark Positive Impact Negative Impact SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 91 Material Issues by Impact Level Positive Impact Negative Impact Corporate Governance and Human Resources Development Occupational Health Business Conduct and Well-Being and Safety Customer Relationship Corporate Governance and Human Rights Human Rights Management Business Conduct Responsibility Social and Community Human Resources Development Information Security and of Content Development and Well-Being Data Privacy Information Security and Customer Relationship Innovation Waste Management Data Privacy Management Risk and Crisis Supply Chain Waste Management Innovation Management Management Major positive Impact Minor positive Impact Minor negative Impact Major negative Impact Moderate positive Impact Moderate negative Impact Occupational Health Responsibility and Safety of Content Supply Chain Risk and Crisis Management Management Sustainability Material Issues Climate and Social and Community Energy Strategy Development Environmental Dimension Climate and Energy Strategy Social Dimension Governance and Economic Dimension 92 VGI Public Company Limited SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 93 Corporate Governance and Business Conduct Responsibility of Content Information Security and Data Privacy Risk and Crisis Management Supply Chain Management Occupational Health and Safety Human Resources Development and Well-Being Social and Community Development Innovation Waste Management Occupational Health and Safety Corporate Governance and Business Conduct Information Security and Data Privacy Supply Chain Management Innovation sredlohekatS ot tcapmI evitisoP sredlohekatS ot tcapmI evitageN Double Materiality Results Positive Impact Environmental Dimension Customer Relationship Management Social Dimension Governance and Economic Dimension Climate and Energy Strategy Human Rights ESG Impact to Company Negative Impact Customer Relationship Management Risk and Crisis Management Responsibility of Content Social and Community Development Climate and Energy Strategy Human Rights Human Resources Development and Well-Being Waste Management ESG Impact to Company 94 VGI Public Company Limited 2.2 STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT (GRI 2-12, 2-29) VGI believes that each group of stakeholders is of significant importance to the organisation s sustainable development and long-term success.
Therefore, the Company ensures that internal and external stakeholders are treated appropriately and equitably.
In addition, a policy regarding stakeholder participation has been established as a guideline for identifying stakeholders, indicating stakeholders  material expectations, and developing stakeholder engagement, communication and notification throughout the business s value chain.
The identification of stakeholders is based on the impact they may receive from the Company s operations and the Company s dependence on the stakeholders.
VGI has divided and prioritised its stakeholders into 6 groups, both inside and outside the organisation, and has also provided communication channels and engagement methods to respond to stakeholder expectations as follows: Shareholders / Investors Customers Government Agencies Employees Business Partners Communities, Society and the Environment Shareholders / Investors Engagement Channels Annual general meeting of shareholders News reports via mass communication and online platforms Reports on the operating results on a quarterly and annual Various communication channels such as website, Facebook, basis by disclosing the same on VGI s website and SET email, telephone Key Stakeholder Interests Conduct business with transparency and accountability, Consistently disclose information regarding operating results including having good and efficient corporate governance Operate business with growing, stable and sustainable results Respect the rights of shareholders and treat shareholders equally Company management and protecting the rights of shareholders during the Covid-19 pandemic crisis Company Responses Conduct business with transparency in accordance with relevant Ensure standardised practices on good corporate governance laws, Corporate Governance Policy and Code of Conduct and anti-corruption through group-wide employee training Assess the Company's anti-corruption risk and renew membership of the Collective Action Coalition of the Private Sector Against Corruption (CAC) SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 95 Employees Engagement Channels CEO message via internal communication channels Annual satisfaction and engagement surveys Internal communication channels, e.g. VGI Line official account, Comment box intranet and common areas in the office Key Stakeholder Interests Treat employees equitably by respecting fundamental human Provide career growth rights under international standards, laws, rules and regulations Consistently train and develop employee capabilities Provide appropriate remuneration and welfare Provide a hygienic working environment according to occupational health and safety guidelines Company Responses Employee satisfaction survey result at 97% Set up a Safety, Occupational Health and Work Environment Committee to support employees Establish a Human Rights Policy, conduct human rights due Organise various training programs to enhance employee diligence process and provide human rights training capabilities Provide employee support programs to foster employees  health and well-being Customers Engagement Channels Annual satisfaction survey Collect complaints, suggestions and comments via complaint channels Build customer relations, e.g. organising activities to strengthen Provide Company s information through social networks relations with customers Key Stakeholder Interests Present products with quality that meet customers  expectations Continuously improve quality and types of products and services at a fair and appropriate price Provide accurate and adequate information for customers  Protect customer personal data decision-making Company Responses Customer satisfaction survey result at 90% Continuously develop products and gain external recognition, such as being awarded the  Most Innovative O2O Solutions for Payment and Logistics Platforms  as the leading company with the most innovative platform 96 VGI Public Company Limited Business Partners Engagement Channels Selection procedure and performance assessment of Meeting with business partners business partners Key Stakeholder Interests Transparent, fair and accountable procurement Comply with contractual agreements Company Responses Business partners sign acknowledgement to the Supplier Business partners receive safety training prior to Code of Business Conduct, which covers operational performing work economic, social and environmental issues Government Agencies Engagement Channels Report performances following the frequency defined by Communicate with government officials to create correct government agencies understanding Continuously participate in activities, seminars and projects by government agencies Key Stakeholder Interests Comply with laws, rules and regulations Disclose comprehensive operational information on a regular basis Join projects or joint associations initiated by government agencies Company Responses Strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations Disclose information on operational performances following the prescribed timeframe that exceeds regulatory requirements for transparency Participate in ESG initiatives and projects organised and endorsed by government agencies SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 97 Communities, Society and the Environment Engagement Channels Communication platforms including whistleblowing channel Organisational management that takes into account environmental protection Organise activities with communities Use of advertising platforms to publicise news that are useful to the public Key Stakeholder Interests Societal, community and environmental development Minimise impacts on environment due to business operations Coexist with communities in a sustainable manner Take part in cultivating people s moral values in conserving the environment Company Responses Set environmental goals which include waste reduction, Conduct various waste management and energy reduction sustainable use of energy and creating a platform to be a initiatives voice for the larger society Offer free-of-charge media spaces to raise awareness on environmental and societal development Please scan this QR code for the Stakeholder Engagement Policy 98 VGI Public Company Limited 2.3 SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT POLICY AND GOALS VGI is committed to conducting business with responsibility towards sustainability issues in order to maximise benefits for all stakeholders throughout the value chain.
The Company follows the principles of sustainable development in accordance with the Sustainable Development Policy that covers operational guidelines in 7 major areas covering economic, social and environmental dimensions, and encourages its directors and employees to continue adhering to the policy for consistent sustainable development within the organisation.
VGI is well aware that good corporate governance will lead to the Company s sustainable growth and create added value for the Company and its shareholders in the long term.
To elevate the guidelines for good corporate governance and help drive the implementation of social, community and environmental responsibility, as well as laying a solid anti-corruption foundation for the Company, VGI s Board of Directors Meeting thus resolved to approve the appointment of the  Corporate Governance Committee  on March 20, 2015.
The Committee s mission is to consider, define, review and improve VGI s corporate governance and business ethics policies, social responsibility policy towards society, communities and the environment, as well as policies and guidelines in regard to anti-corruption and bribery, to propose to the Board of Directors for approval.
The Committee is also responsible for overseeing compliance with policies, manuals and guidelines.
Moreover, the Company recognises the importance of expanding the Corporate Governance Committee s scope of responsibilities to encompass corporate sustainability principles and goals, which are an extension of good corporate governance principles.
Consequently, the Board of Directors  meeting that commenced on February 13, 2023 resolved to approve the Corporate Governance Committee s name change to the  Sustainability Committee,  and amended this charter to be consistent with the said resolution.
Please scan this QR code for the Sustainability Committee Charter Furthermore, VGI has appointed a Sustainability Development Working Group responsible for the consideration of policies and plans related to sustainability, setting business sustainability goals to continuously improve the Company s sustainability performance, handling information disclosure to the public, in addition to promoting awareness of sustainable development throughout the organisation.
The Sustainability Development Working Group comprises representatives from various internal functions, namely the departments of Human Resources, Finance, Sales, Purchasing, Information Technology, Mass Transit Operations and Support, Brand & Marketing Communication, Graphic Design, and Company Secretary.
Additionally, sustainability performance will be reported to the VGI Sustainability Committee every quarter.
Board of Directors Sustainability Committee Sustainability Working Group Company Secretary Department Human Resources Department Finance Department Information Technology Sales Department Procurement Department Department Brand & Marketing Mass Transit Department Graphic Design Department Communication Department Please scan this QR code for the Sustainable Development Policy SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 99 In addition, VGI has set economic, social and environmental sustainability goals to support the Company s commitment to sustainability, with the details of each goal as follows.
Material Sustainability Long-Term Sustainability Targets Issues 2020/21-2024/25 Corporate Governance   All of the Company s employees including those and Business Conduct of subsidiaries attend business ethics training   No significant warning or audit from regulators    Excellent  rating in corporate governance scoring Risk and Crisis   Risk management carried out according to the Management COSO   ERM 2017 framework Supply Chain   100% of the Company s suppliers sign Management acknowledgment of the Supplier Code of Business Conduct, which addresses operational issues across economic, social and environmental dimensions Information   No breach of customers  private data security Security and Data   No complaints from government agencies, Privacy clients or other relevant parties in wrongful use of personal data Customer   Customer satisfaction score at 95% Relationship   No complaints from customers regarding Management advertising media and customer service Human Resources   Employee satisfaction rate no less than 90% Development and Well-Being Occupational Health   100% of the Company s employees and suppliers and Safety receive training in accordance with safety standards   No work-related accidents Climate and Energy   Maintain the level of electricity consumption to Strategy less than 10% increase when compared to the baseline year of 2019   Use corporate advertising platforms to distribute climate change content with the goal of reaching at least 1 million people per year Waste   Adjust waste disposal methods from landfilling Management or incineration to recycling 30% of total waste   Create value for waste by transforming them into environmentally friendly products with the goal of reducing waste generation by at least 10% 100 VGI Public Company Limited SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 101 2.4 SUSTAINABILITY AWARDS AND ACHIEVEMENTS IN 2023/24 VGI has been ranked in the  Top 1%  and achieved VGI has been included in the SET ESG Ratings formerly the world s highest score of 82/100 in the PUB Media, known as Thailand Sustainability Investment or THSI with Movies & Entertainment industry for the 2nd consecutive an  AA  rating under the Service Industry group for 2023 year from the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2024, by the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET), underscoring demonstrating the Company s unceasing regard the Company s commitment and determination in the for environmental issues, improvement to people s pursuit of sustainable business operations, as well as quality of life, and business conduct according to ESG consistent prioritisation of all stakeholders and readiness (Environment, Social, Governance) principles of good to be a part in driving society toward sustainability corporate governance in our business operations.
alongside good business conduct.
VGI has been certified with the Carbon Neutral label VGI is a certified member of the Thai Private from the Thailand Greenhouse Gas Management Sector Collective Action Against Corruption (CAC), Organization (Public Organization) or TGO for the 2nd demonstrating the Company s resolve to conduct consecutive year.
VGI is the first and only carbon neutral proper, transparent, fair and verifiable business media company in Thailand, offsetting the organisation s operations by establishing appropriate measures greenhouse gas emissions through participation in for responsibility in various processes, with clear a carbon credit support program certified by the TGO.
guidelines to prevent corruption and further lead the In addition, the Company also procures clean energy from organisation s development towards sustainability.
renewable sources for 10% of its business operations using Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs).
VGI was certified as  Excellent  and classified as a VGI was awarded the Thailand s Top Corporate Brand 5-star company in the Corporate Governance Report Hall of Fame 2023 Award at ASEAN and Thailand s Top ( CGR ) organised by the Thai Institute of Directors Corporate Brand 2023 for being the company with the Association (IOD) for 8 consecutive years.
highest corporate brand value in the media category for 5 consecutive years.
The event was organised by the Master in Branding and Marketing program (MBM), Faculty of Commerce and Accountancy from Chulalongkorn University, together with the Stock Exchange of Thailand and media under the Manager Media Group.
102 VGI Public Company Limited 03 GOVERNANCE AND ECONOMIC DIMENSION 3.1 Corporate Governance and Business Conduct 3.2 Risk and Crisis Management 3.3 Supply Chain Management 3.4 Innovation 3.5 Information Technology Security and Personal Data Privacy 3.1 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BUSINESS CONDUCT (GRI 2-9, 2-26, 3-3, 205-2, 205-3, 415-1) Long-Term Sustainable Development Goals Progress Towards 2024/25 Goals From 2020/21-2024/25 Target: All Company employees attended the business   All Company employees attended the business ethics training ethics training   No significant warning or audit from regulators Goal 100%    Excellent  rating in corporate governance scoring Performance 100% *Targets are linked to executive compensation Corporate Governance Good corporate governance, including honest and transparent operations, is the cornerstone of business operations and sustainable growth.
VGI thus adheres to business operations under good corporate governance and business conduct to ensure fairness and confidence to all stakeholders.
VGI has established a sound business structure, management and corporate governance systems that support and comply with sound corporate governance principles of the Stock Exchange of Thailand and the Securities and Exchange Commission, recommendations by the Thai Institute of Directors Association, and various international standards.
The Board of Directors has prepared and publicised a handbook on corporate governance and business ethics to establish a working direction for directors, executives and employees at all levels to acknowledge and adhere to as a guideline for performing their duties.
As such, the guidelines are reviewed by the Board of Directors annually to ensure the capability of VGI s corporate governance in continually responding to current fluctuating conditions and business operations.
Please scan this QR code for the Corporate Governance Policy and Code of Conduct 104 VGI Public Company Limited Corporate Governance Structure The Board of Directors, management structure, and each party s duties and responsibilities are crucial in the continuous promotion and support of the Company s sustainable development and business growth.
Board of Directors The Board of Directors and subcommittees are in charge of corporate governance and management control as well as establishing Advisory Board visions, missions, values, strategies, long- term goals, and making critical business decisions for VGI Group.
Risk Nomination and Audit Sustainability Executive Management Remuneration Committee Committee1 Committee Committee Committee Enterprise Risk Sustainability Chief Internal The CEO and the Executive Management Development Executive Audit Division Committee are in charge of Working Team Working Team Officer managing various aspects of work, carrying out VGI s daily operations as delegated to them by the Board of Directors and reporting their performance to Deputy the Board on a regular basis.
Executive Employees are responsible for Officer2 carrying out assigned tasks in compliance with VGI s rules, procedures and policies.
Chief Sales Chief Operating Chief Financial Officer Officer Officer Remarks 1 A resolution was approved to change the name of the Corporate Governance Committee to the  Sustainability Committee  on February 13, 2023.
2 The Deputy Executive Officer is under nomination to fill vacancy.
Further information on corporate governance is provided in VGI s 56-1 One Report under the  Corporate Governance  section.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 105 Board Composition The Board of Directors plays a primary role in overseeing the Company s good corporate governance.
Therefore, the committee selection criteria must consider comprehensive qualifications, which comprise independence, knowledge, experience and expertise, and must not be based on sex, gender, race, ethnicity, origin, nationality or cultural background.
Please scan this QR code for the Board Diversity Policy Code of Business Conduct VGI recognises that conducting business with transparency and good business ethics is essential in promoting corporate sustainability development, as well as building stakeholder confidence.
The Board of Directors has prepared and published a corporate governance and business ethics handbook to adhere to as a guideline for directors, executives, and employees at all levels, including subsidiaries.
This handbook encompasses comprehensive requirements in regard to respect for human rights; treatment of shareholders, customers, employees, business partners, commercial competitors and creditors; responsibility for society, environment, occupational health and safety; anti-corruption; anti-money laundering; political activities; non-infringement of intellectual property; confidentiality; data privacy; securities trading; conflict of interest; reporting or whistleblowing and disciplinary actions.
The Board of Directors, executives and employees at all levels have signed and acknowledged this Code of Conduct.
Employees Participating Passing Rate Average Score in the Training 100% 100% 9.7/10 VGI focuses on enhancing employees  understanding to ensure their ability to consistently follow good corporate governance principles and business ethics.
Both new and existing employees of VGI must undergo the learning process about policies and guidelines in the corporate governance handbook, as well as completing a post-training assessment.
All employees participated in 2023/24 training, with 100% of the employees passing the assessment with an average score of 9.7/10.
106 VGI Public Company Limited Anti-Corruption VGI is committed to fighting against corruption and all forms of bribery.
It also encourages the Board of Directors, executives and employees at all levels of the Company and its subsidiaries, including other related persons, to not participate in corruption, whether directly or indirectly, in any way.
VGI strictly operates its business following anti-corruption guidelines and communicates the no gifts policy to employees and related parties for their acknowledgement and compliance.
The Company also reviews anti-corruption measures annually to ensure that such measures can appropriately and adequately prevent, detect and respond to the organisation s corruption risk.
Furthermore, VGI has been certified as a member of the Collective Action Coalition of the Private Sector Against Corruption (CAC) since 2017, which reaffirms the Company s commitment to no tolerance for corruption in any form.
On June 30, 2023, VGI completed an anti-corruption risk assessment and was certified for renewal of the CAC membership, which will expire on June 30, 2026.
Please scan this QR code for the Anti-Corruption Measures Complaint Channels VGI Internal Intranet VGI encourages employees and stakeholders to engage in monitoring the Company s compliance against applicable laws and regulations, corporate governance principles, established Doitright@vgi.
co.
th policies, the Code of Conduct and other policies.
The Company has established whistleblowing channels for report of Company Secretary Division grievances against any suspected violation Tel: +66 (0) 2273-8884 ext.
391 of the laws or Code of Conduct, or any or by post to the Company s address behaviour implicatory of Company-related corruption or misconduct.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 107 Process of Handling Complaints Complaint Receiving The Company Secretary prepares a summary of fraud and corruption complaints received through whistleblowing or other complaint channels Consideration Consider initially whether the complaint is a violation of anti-corruption policies Send to relevant agencies in the case of not violating anti-corruption policies In the case of corruption   If there is no basis, report results to the complainant   If there is sufficient basis, the Company Secretary will proceed with the next steps *In the case of severe corruption requiring urgent rectification, the incident will be reported to the Executive Committee and the Audit Committee, with a copy sent to the Internal Audit Division for acknowledgment Coordination Coordinate with the Human Resources Department to appoint an investigation committee.
After an investigation committee has been appointed, the People Management Department will be responsible for further investigation Report Summarise report on the number of whistleblowing, summary of events and operational status to the Audit Committee every 6 months VGI has measures to protect the rights of complainants and informants.
The Company will conceal the name, address or any other information that could identify the complainant or informant and keep the information on the complainant or informant confidential.
Details on the complaint receiving process, investigation procedures and whistleblowing channels can be referred to further in the Anti-Corruption Measures.
In 2023/24, VGI has not received any reports, whistleblowing, or complaints in regard to corruption.
0 0 Number of Complaints Complaint Processing Complaints Complaint Processing   Legal Proceeding   Verbal Warning   Business Integrity   Written Warning   Conflict of Interest   Contract Termination   Human Rights (i.e., discrimination and harassment)   Pending Investigation   Violation of Customers  Data Privacy   Money Laundering or Insider Trading   Environment, Occupational Health and Safety 108 VGI Public Company Limited Supporting and Becoming a Member of Various Organisations VGI has joined as a member of various organisations in Thailand and supported them to contribute in helping to develop the country s economy, society and environment for further sustainable growth.
In 2023/24, the Company did not make any contributions to political organisations, lobbyists or lobbying organisations, and other tax-exempt groups.
Type Organisation Topic Objective of Relationship Contribution Amount 2020/21 2021/22 2022/23 2023/24 Lobbying, N/A N/A N/A N/A 0 0 0 0 interest representative or similar Local, regional N/A N/A N/A N/A 0 0 0 0 or national political campaigns/ organisations/ candidates Other (e.g. spending N/A N/A N/A N/A 0 0 0 0 related to ballot measures or referendums) Trade Association Thai Institute Governance Membership Adopt policies to promote 123,720 80,630 69,846 32,433.73 of Directors and support good corporate governance Association for activities within the organisation and enhance the professionalism of the Company s directors Trade Association Thai Listed Governance Membership Obtain policies to ensure 26,750 30,750 26,750 25,000 Companies and support compliance with regulators  Association for activities and government agencies  rules and guidelines Trade Association Thai Investors Governance Membership Support the organisation s 0 0 0 0 Association and support activities in providing general for activities investors with knowledge and understanding of securities analysis Trade Association Advertising & Media Membership Obtain policies, news and 300,000 0 12,500 0 Sign Producing Practices and support information that that are Association for activities useful and conducive to (ASPA) the organisation s business operations, as well as jointly develop working systems and share knowledge to promote the advertising media business Trade Association Media Agency Media Membership Obtain policies, news and 0 0 0 224,415.89 Association of Practices and support information that that are Thailand (MAAT) for activities useful and conducive to the organisation s business operations, as well as jointly develop working systems and share knowledge to promote the advertising media business Trade Association Digital Advertising Media Membership Support the organisation s 0 0 0 6,666.64 Association (Thailand) Practices and support activities for activities Trade Association Personnel Promote Membership Participate in a leading 0 0 0 51,478.52 Management management and support management development Association of excellence for activities institution for the latest Thailand of Thai development in advanced organisations managerial concepts and knowledge sharing opportunities for business and public policy to create better understanding and cooperation in driving management excellence, which ultimately contributes to improving Thailand s competitiveness on the interational stage in the long run Trade Association Thai-Japanese Support Membership A member of the Thai-Japanese 0 0 0 50,000.00 Association business and support Association with the objective and trade for activities to strengthen relations between to promote both nations and ultimately Thailand s contribute to the growth of economic Thailand s economy advancement Total Contributions and Other Spending 450,470 111,380 109,096 389,994.78 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 109 3.2 RISK AND CRISIS MANAGEMENT (GRI 2-12, 3-3) Long-Term Sustainable Development Goals Progress Towards 2023/24 Goals From 2020/21-2024/25 Target: Risk management is carried out in accordance   Risk management training was provided for employees with the COSO   ERM 2017 framework throughout the Company to enhance risk culture Target 100%   Risk management was carried out in accordance with the COSO   ERM 2017 framework Performance 100% VGI continually places importance on risk management within the organisation, which the Company realises is crucial in driving the Company to achieve its goals according to its business plans, strategies and visions under the rapidly changing business situation, highly competitive market and unexpected crisis such as emerging risk situations and uncertainties of various businesses that may occur in the future.
Therefore, the Company systematically manages risks to create business opportunities, reduce potential losses, and deal with risk issues that may affect business operations.
To meet and guarantee value to all stakeholders, the Company expects all employees to share responsibility for managing corporate risks, which is one of the critical factors in driving corporate culture in risk management.
Risk Governance VGI operates according to the Company s Risk Management Policy guidelines, along with the guidelines of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
The Board of Directors is responsible for oversight of the Company Policies, appointing the Risk Management Committee to support risk management supervision, and play a vital role in assessing, analysing and managing risk.
The Committee must report the evaluation and performance to the Board of Directors at least once a year.
In addition, the Risk Management Committee has established a risk management working group, which consists of representatives from all lines within the organisation to inspect and operate risk control to be within the acceptable risk level of the organisation (Risk Appetite) in all aspects.
In addition, the Company has an Internal Audit Office, a separate unit from the risk management unit, which is responsible for reviewing and assessing the effectiveness of risk management processes, as well as to audit risk management operations regularly at least once a year.
Please scan this QR code for the Risk Management Policy Please scan this QR code for the Enterprise Risk Management Policy 110 VGI Public Company Limited Risk Management Structure Oversight Board of Directors Risk Management Audit Committee Committee Assurance Internal Audit Office Risk Management Risk Management Working Team Business Unit Risk Management Finance RM Representative Operation RM Representative Sales RM Representative Finance Management and Operation Management and Sales Management and Risk Owners Risk Owners Risk Owners Risk Management Process VGI analyses and divides risks into 4 aspects, consisting of (1) Strategic Risks, (2) Operational Risks, (3) Financial Risks and (4) Compliance Risks.
The risks are assessed through a budgetary impact indicator, and the impact cannot be assessed in monetary terms.
This impact covers the impact on corporate governance and the safety of those involved in the organisation, human resources and the environment.
Further information on risk management is available in VGI s 56-1 One Report under  Risk Management  section.
Key Enterprise Risks Risk Management Process 1 Identification of Risk 5 2 Review and Risk Update of Assessment Risk Plan Strategic Operational Financial Compliance Emerging Risks Risks Risks Risks Risks 4 3 Implementation Risk Mitigation and Monitoring Plan SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 111 Emerging Risks VGI is dedicated not only to managing significant risks but also to implementing guidelines and measures to promptly address and respond to emerging risks.
Each year, the Company conducts thorough reviews of emerging risk issues and trends that could impact or present business opportunities.
In 2023/24, the Company has identified 4 business-related risks as follows: Emerging Risks Severe Air Pollution Intensive Cyber Talent and/or Labour Adaptation Unreadiness in Metropolitan Area Insecurity Shortage in Data and From Climate Digital Domains Transition Risks Category Environmental Technological Social Environmental Magnitude Significant Significant Significant Significant Timeline of Impact Long-Term (3-5 years) Long-Term (3-5 years) Long-Term (3-5 years) Long-Term (3-5 years) Description Emission and dispersion of Use of cyber weapons and Global, geographical or industry Transition risks resulting from harmful materials into the air tools to conduct cyber mismatches between labour changes in regulations such stemming from human activity warfare, cyber espionage and skills supply and demand as as Thailand Climate Change such as PM 2.5, resulting in and cyber crimes such as climate action and AI integration Act, consumer preferences, impacts to peripheral vision ransomware, data fraud or transitions will dramatically and investor expectations and human health, financial loss theft to gain control over reshape the quality, quantity as the world transitions to and/or damage to ecosystems.
digital presence and/or and distribution of job creation a net-zero economy.
Metropolitan areas such as cause operational disruption, as well as job loss, driving Bangkok suffer from pollution leading to financial and divergent risks in the media issues such as increased reputational losses, as well as and advertisement industry.
volume, bad air quality and increased operational costs.
VGI anticipates encountering noise pollution.
High levels As more customers see the increased difficulty in recruiting of air pollutants force people convenience of digital user specific essential roles, primarily to stay indoors, thus there interface, more customers those related to data and digital is less exposure to Out-Of- become online registered expertise as the Company Home (OOH) billboards and users.
With increased online is expecting to face large- advertisement.
users and their confidential, scale digital transformation.
Ridership and commuters are private information, the This innovative approach associated with favourable Company will be prone to empowers the Company to weather conditions and air cybersecurity and privacy swiftly and precisely address quality.
People are more likely information breaches.
the dynamic shifts in customer to use public transit when they and stakeholder behaviour.
feel comfortable and safe.
Impact Media exposure in public As VGI continuously diversifies Lacking individuals with Transition risks such as the areas can be impacted business synergy by providing proficient data and digital Climate Change Act may result from high level of pollutants, digital services and distribution skills will impact the Company in the Company cost/loss especially at the local level businesses where data critically as these are essential as a result of operations which where issues are most from the group s business skills needed for the Company.
may exceed carbon taxation relevant.
High pollutants can ecosystem is used, as well Their expertise is crucial not caps or limits.
Costs may be cause less daily ridership and as the possible transition to only for managing technology- significant should VGI operate commuters, directly affecting more online advertising, there related tasks (such as IT without any decarbonisation number of VGI s transit media is a risk that threats of cyber infrastructure maintenance strategy or reduction of viewers, as displays are mostly attacks will emerge more and network monitoring) greenhouse gas emissions.
located in metropolitan areas.
clearly and intensively.
but also for successfully implementing the Company s Furthermore, a widespread Failing to take cybersecurity Customer Intimacy strategy, of severe air quality outbreak seriously can lead to which relies on various data- could result in the government irreparable harm to the driven activities.
enacting and enforcing strict organisation s reputation.
lockdowns or work from home regulations to prevent bad impact on health.
This will also affect VGI s OOH advertising business due to the shift in customer behaviour towards online marketing and e-commerce, resulting in advertisers and brands reducing their advertising budgets.
112 VGI Public Company Limited Emerging Risks Severe Air Pollution Intensive Cyber Talent and/or Labour Adaptation Unreadiness in Metropolitan Area Insecurity Shortage in Data and From Climate Digital Domains Transition Risks Mitigation Actions VGI forecasts the duration The Company places VGI plays a crucial role in The Company has committed of such risks to occur over importance on respecting strengthening the labour to reduce greenhouse gas a period of 3-5 years.
The the privacy of the personal market at both local and global emissions and has already Company has a management information owner and is aware levels, as the Company is been certified with Carbon approach that strives to create of the potential impact of such one of the leading media and Neutral by the Thailand new business partnerships by a cyber attack risks.
Therefore, advertisement companies Greenhouse Gas Management investing in strategic alliances a framework for cybersecurity in Thailand and South East Organization (Public to increase diversification in has been established and the Asia.
The Company will Organization), as well as providing business services budget has been efficiently address labour shortages continuing to procure clean and reduce reliance on a allocated, covering everything and mitigate unemployment energy from renewable single business such as risk from the policy level to the risks by investing in skill sources for at least 10% of diversifying by spreading operational level.
development, safeguarding its operations.
Nevertheless, places for advertisement workers  rights, and ensuring VGI continues to monitor the The Company s continued across multiple locations contract security.
situation and go above and investments in the area or shifting to more online beyond regarding regulations of cyber threats such as advertisement.
and policy enforcements in guidelines for implementing regards to carbon emissions and reviewing IT Policy at and reduction.
least once a year, employees  access rights to IT equipment and network systems in each function, and firewall installation to separate data between internal and external networks, as well as risk awareness training for executives and employees in all sectors in VGI to create knowledge and understanding of the laws regarding personal data protection and have proactive communication to all employees.
Risk Culture Risk culture is a core value of effective corporate risk management.
VGI aims to strengthen its corporate risk management throughout the organisation and expects employees at all levels to be responsible for risk management in their daily business operations.
In 2023/24, VGI conducted training regarding risk management to deepen acknowledgement and knowledge of risk management for related employees and executives of 24 persons.
Moreover, the Company arranged a risk management training for the Board of Directors to understand the importance of corporate risk management.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 113 3.3 SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT (GRI 2-6, 3-3, 308-1, 414-1, 414-2) Long-Term Sustainable Development Progress Towards 2023/24 Goals From 2020/21-2024/25 Target: 100% of the Company s significant suppliers   100% of critical tier 1 suppliers are assessed for are assessed for economic, social and economic, social, and environmental risks environmental risks   100% of the Company s suppliers sign acknowledgment of the Supplier Code of Business Conduct, which Goal 100% addresses operational issues across economic, social and environmental dimensions Performance 100%   Zero supplier fatalities VGI is committed to driving business growth transparently, fairly and emphasising sustainability throughout the Company s value chain by prioritising effective supply chain management to rectify and prevent economic, social and environmental (ESG) risks from suppliers with high ESG risks that may impact VGI s reputation and stakeholder confidence.
VGI has established the Procurement Policy and Supplier Code of Conduct as suppliers  guiding principles in conducting sustainable business in accordance with the Company s expectations.
In addition, the Company has a supplier assurance process to ensure compliance to the Code of Conduct, which encompasses Supplier Classification, Supplier Screening, Significant Supplier Assessment, Supplier Corrective Action and Development.
All suppliers shall adhere to ethical principles and operations that prevent adverse impacts to communities and the environment while safeguarding the health and safety of workers and the public.
Supply Chain Management Strategy VGI operates supply chain management ethically and sustainably, in accordance with the Procurement Policy and Supplier Code of Conduct under ESG operational principles, in which the management and reporting are overseen by the Board of Directors.
This policy covers supply chain management in all aspects with consideration to quality, reasonable price, on-time and continuous delivery, human rights principles, the environment and safety, as well as a risk management system in the case of both normal and emergency conditions or unexpected disasters.
To ensure that sustainability is embedded into the process of selecting suppliers, the Company has incorporated criteria for the evaluation of suppliers  ESG performance in the selection process, providing a strategic advantage to suppliers with good ESG practices.
Suppliers must achieve the minimum requirement of ESG criteria before being approved as a supplier for the Company, and will be excluded should they fail to implement corrective actions within the specific time period.
These procurement practices will be periodically reviewed and assessed against the Supplier Code of Conduct and Procurement Policy to ensure no breaches in ESG requirements for approved suppliers.
Furthermore, VGI provides training to the Procurement Department and relevant teams to understand how their daily roles and responsibilities contribute to the Company s sustainability goals in supply chain management.
Please scan this QR code for the Procurement Policy 114 VGI Public Company Limited Supplier Code of Business Conduct VGI has developed the Supplier Code of Business Conduct to communicate the Company s commitment to treating partners with transparency, equality and fairness, which covers guidelines for environmental, human rights (e.g. child labour, fundamental rights, working conditions, remuneration), occupational health and safety standards, as well as business ethics.
VGI encourages suppliers to apply the aforementioned principles to their own suppliers in order to promote sustainability throughout the whole value chain.
VGI has a practice of paying its suppliers within 30 days.
In fiscal year 2023/24, there were no late payments to the suppliers.
Please scan this QR code for the Supplier Code of Business Conduct Supplier Risk Assessment and ESG Integration VGI s supply chain management consists of the classification and screening of products, services, including the consideration of suppliers  business operations processes in supporting the Company s various business operations.
Moreover, VGI has a supplier risk management assurance system which assesses all suppliers on an annual basis to ensure adherence to the Company s principles.
The desktop and on-site assessments are carried out following standards and systematic verification methodologies in the form of the Self-Assessment Questionnaire (SAQ).
Audit results and scores will be compiled into a report, verified and consistently updated to ensure suppliers  constant improvements in efficiency and performance.
Supplier Classification VGI suppliers are subjected to signing acknowledgment to the Company s Supplier Code of Business Conduct, conducting a self-assessment on their sustainable operations according to the Company s systematic supplier assessment, such as the Self-Assessment Questionnaire (SAQ) to identify significant suppliers, which will be evaluated further, including environmental, social, governance and business issues.
Supplier Screening VGI suppliers are subjected to signing acknowledgment to the Company s Supplier Code of Business Conduct, and must assess their sustainability performances following the Company s systematic supplier assessment, such as the Self-Assessment Questionnaire (SAQ) to identify significant suppliers, which will be assessed further.
This includes environmental, social, governance and business relevance aspects as well as assessing country, sector and commodity specific risks for suppliers.
The Company then reviews and analyses the questionnaire, and suppliers that surpass the SAQ will be listed under the Company s Approved Supplier List (ASL).
Suppliers whose goods, materials, services or products have a significant impact on competitive advantage, market success or the Company s survival consist of:   Suppliers with the risks of negative ESG impacts to the Company that relate to country-specific risk, sector-specific risk, and commodity-specific risk   High-volume suppliers   Suppliers of critical components   Non-substitutable suppliers   Continuity of over 1 year of product and service provision Significant Suppliers Assessment Those classified as having high ESG risks will be audited onsite by the Company s Procurement Department employees or an independent 3rd party organisation that has been recognised in the industry (based on risk) to assess their performances in terms of business continuity, reputation risk and responsible operations.
VGI will submit the total score to the supplier; in the case of non-compliance, the Company will notify the supplier to make corrections within the set time period.
Supplier Corrective Action and Development Afterwards, VGI would review results from the assessment and onsite audit, and request a corrective action plan from suppliers to resolve non-compliance issues.
An agreed timeline would be set, and the Company would regularly monitor and provide support both remotely and onsite to ensure that suppliers with corrective action plans address their identified issues on time.
VGI provides training on supplier ESG programs, as well as technical support to develop and enhance suppliers  ESG performance, to ensure that all suppliers are risk-free and comply with regulations.
Furthermore, suppliers can access the ESG performance database of relevant peers to study in-depth information, the Company s expectations and competition in the market.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 115 In 2023/24, VGI had a total of 193 suppliers that surpassed the screening criteria, which accounts for a total procurement spending of THB 586 mn.
Of all the suppliers, 17 were significant tier 1 suppliers, accounting for a total procurement spending of 425 mn or 72.55%.
Additionally, there were 4 significant non-tier 1 suppliers in 2023/24.
Supplier Type Significant Tier 1 Significant Non-Tier 1 Suppliers Located Suppliers Located Outside in Thailand of Thailand Percentage of Percentage of Percentage of Percentage of All Suppliers All Suppliers All Suppliers All Suppliers 9% 2% 99.5% 0.5% High Investment Projects Construction and Installation work General Procurement Percentage of Percentage of Percentage of All Suppliers All Suppliers All Suppliers 13% 4% 83% Out of the total significant tier 1 suppliers, 17 suppliers were classified as high ESG risk suppliers that underwent an onsite audit program.
The criteria for onsite audit covered significant sustainability issues in multiple aspects, such as business continuity management, corporate governance and anti-corruption measures, business conduct under human rights principles, laws protection and compliance, labour, and sufficient internal sufficient and control measures, with audit results divided into 4 categories based on the ability to operate according to ESG principles, seen as follows: Excellent Good Fair Poor (4.00 - 3.26) (3.25 - 2.51) (2.50 - 1.00) (Below 1.00) Supplier implements Supplier implements Supplier implements Supplier implements sustainability practices sustainability practices sustainability practices at sustainability practices at at an excellent level.
at a good level.
There are a fair level.
Must propose a a fair level.
Must propose ESG risk monitoring is areas for improvement corrective action plan and a corrective action plan not required.
but ESG risk monitoring timeline to improve ESG and timeline to improve is not required.
practices, to be completed ESG practices before any within the timeframe.
bidding for VGI occurs.
There was no supplier assessed with substantial actual/potential negative impacts to the point of the contract being terminated.
Afterwards, VGI will review results from the assessment and onsite audit, and request corrective action plans from suppliers to resolve non-compliance issues.
There were no suppliers that VGI had to support in the implementation of a corrective action plan.
Onsite audit results in 2023/24 reveal no suppliers who was evaluated at the Fair or Poor level, and no suppliers with business activities that create human rights risks was found.
116 VGI Public Company Limited Supplier Assessment Total Number of Suppliers Assessed via Percentage of Significant Number of Suppliers Assessed With Desk Assessments/Onsite Assessments Suppliers Assessed Substantial Actual/Potential Negative Impacts FY 2023/24 FY 2023/24 FY 2023/24 197 suppliers 100% 5% (11 Suppliers) Percentage of Suppliers With Substantial Actual/Potential Negative Number of Suppliers With Actual/Potential Negative Impacts With Agreed Corrective Action/Improvement Plan Impacts That Were Terminated FY 2023/24 FY 2023/24 100% 0% Supplier Capacity Building VGI strongly believes that sustainable supply chain management is the heart of building future rewarding business partners.
The Company, therefore, focuses on collective sustainable development with all stakeholders and organised a capacity building program.
The Company organised trainings to provide technical knowledge to suppliers, systematically improving suppliers  ESG practices and performance.
Moreover, VGI provided access to information on other suppliers  performances, as well as giving guidance and support on the implementation of corrective and improvement actions.
The Company arranged annual safety learning sessions for suppliers that work in construction, installation, and those with safety risks in the aforementioned aspects, with 8 suppliers participating in capacity building programs in 2023/24.
Supplier Corrective Action and Development Total Number of Suppliers Supported Percentage of Suppliers Assessed With Substantial Actual/ in Corrective Action Plan Implementation Potential Negative Impacts Supported in Corrective Action Plan Implementation FY 2023/24 FY 2023/24 0 suppliers 0% Total Number of Suppliers in Capacity Building Programs Percentage of Significant Suppliers in Capacity Building Programs FY 2023/24 FY 2023/24 8 suppliers 4% SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 117 3.4 INNOVATION (GRI 3-3) Innovation is one of the core elements that underpin VGI s business strategy and is a key force in driving the Company s vision of Pioneering Solutions for Tomorrow with a fully integrated ecosystem.
VGI is committed to digital technology and R&D excellence, aiming to develop and launch innovative or value-added products and solutions that will meet consumers  ever-changing needs, as well as attract new business opportunities.
VGI Digital Lab Founded in 2017, VGI Digital Lab provides offline and online media solutions and digital marketing products.
VGI Digital Lab uses data-driven technology to showcase brands with a dataset of more than 200 individual dimensions, including demographic data, purchase purposes, purchased goods, travel behaviour, ownership, and digital behaviour.
The aforementioned dataset enables the Company to drive brand marketing campaigns on their target audience s social media networks, thus gaining better access to business results.
The innovations of VGI Digital Lab in 2023/24 are as follows: VGI POV+: A New Marketing Tool Solution Targeting Office Workers and High Spenders In an era where segmentation is necessary for brands  marketing strategy, VGI envisions a major opportunity to be the intermediary in linking marketers and brands with office workers   the country s high purchasing power consumers.
Therefore, it has developed a new solution    VGI POV+    for office building media to serve as a vital tool for advertisers in designing and executing both offline and online campaigns more effectively.
Crucially, the insights and vast database of VGI POV+ not only enable advertisers to fulfil consumers  exact preferences with exceptional precision, but also ensure excellent value for money.
At the core of VGI POV+ lies its distinctive Strategic Location strategy.
With 80% of office buildings in VGI s media network towering over 20 stories, the product guarantees heightened exposure and significant Eyeballs engagement which can effectively create huge awareness to targets, increasing the frequency and time length of media visibility.
According to survey data, office workers typically spend around 90-180 seconds per one elevator trip and take around 6-8 elevator trips per day.
The strategic installation of POV+ within office buildings  elevators can thus foster substantial awareness among the target consumers, contributing to a potent and impactful media presence.
Moreover, the seamless installation of POV+ in all touchpoints, blending with the daily atmosphere encountered by office workers, helps create a captive journey upon entry to the office building, whether it be the elevator area, information hall or other escalators, thereby evoking subliminal ads recognition.
Harnessing the synergy between innovation and a robust database, POV+ effectively analyses the behaviour and lifestyle of target consumers.
In turn, it empowers advertisers to deliver customised campaigns to effectively capture their target audience, while also measuring campaign results with greater accuracy.
118 VGI Public Company Limited POV+ capabilities not only empower brands to generate impactful awareness and a compelling  Call to Action,  leading to increased sales volume, but also enable responsiveness to consumer demands throughout their entire journey, both online or offline.
Through POV+, brands will gain regular visibility, ensuring memorability and a lasting imprint in the minds of consumers.
More information on the  POV+  project is available here Supporting media spaces to raise awareness and understanding towards safety through  Whoscall: The Safety Stations  Thai society has recently been experiencing the problem of scammers via mobile phones, thus sparking the idea for the advertisement  Whoscall: The Safety Stations,  which aims to warn Thai people about scammers by creating awareness and understanding of safety through a communication strategy emphasising easy-to-understand Customisation Content that is new, fun, and memorable.
The content can reach a wide range of people by advertising media on BTS SkyTrain and stations, hence it has become the main media of the campaign.
Combining the gimmicks of announcements on the BTS SkyTrain advertising media with technology that supports advertisement design according to time, station and target groups we aim to communicate with, this ultimately led to various ideas and message creation, such as  National Stadium Station: The whole nation will be safe from call center gangs,   Nana Station, aunties and uncles shall be one step ahead of a call from strangers,  etc.
, which created excellent impact awareness.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 119 In addition to raising awareness and understanding of security in receiving news, this campaign was also nominated for the world-famous creative award in the  Best Response Campaign  category, media campaign with the best reception from The Festival of Media Global 2023, a platform for outstanding advertising and communication campaigns from around the world, which were evaluated and judged by a panel of experts in the agency industry and renowned marketers from world-class brands.
As a leader in comprehensive 360-degree advertising media connecting the offline and online worlds, VGI continues to focus on creating content and new technologies that provide a modern communication experience.
VGI is ready to be a part of elevating the standards of the marketing communications business and the Thai advertising industry in the future.
The video clip of the More information on the  Whoscall: The Safety Stations   Whoscall: The Safety Stations  advertisement is available here project is available here 120 VGI Public Company Limited  programmatic Digital Out of Home Media (pDOOH)  to help brands communicate with consumers  programmatic Digital Out of Home Media (pDOOH)  is a campaign that meets the needs of advertisers through an innovative platform, choosing audience characteristics criteria combined with location, time and weather.
It acts as an algorithm to bring up the most relevant products, promotions and messages that match the context at the best time.
For the results of the campaign test using pDOOH, we found that audiences who had seen the advertisement got a distinctive experience through more than 400 pieces of Hyper Personalised Advertising that automatically and constantly changed, which helped increase brand recognition and lead to easier purchase decisions.
pDOOH is another marketing tool that helps brands communicate directly to the interests of consumers at that time.
It is regarded as creating awareness, engagement, conversion and eliminating the pain point of out-of-home media that has always existed.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 121 3.5 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SECURITY AND PERSONAL DATA PRIVACY (GRI 2-1, 3-3, 418-1) Long-Term Sustainable Development Goals Progress Towards 2023/24 Goals From 2020/21-2024/25 Target: Zero cases of information security breach or   Zero cases of information security breach or other other cybersecurity incidents cybersecurity incidents   Zero complaints from outside parties and regulatory Goal 100% bodies   All employees received personal data protection training Performance 100% *Targets are linked to executive compensation The rapid advancement and increasing dependence on technology may pose risks from cyber threats and personal data security.
VGI recognises the importance of information technology systems to prevent the impact of such risks on its business operations, which could lead to a loss in reliability, reputation and confidence of stakeholders.
In this regard, the Company adheres to the Information Security Policy, establishes various personal data protection measures, and enhances employees  awareness of cybersecurity threats.
IT Security and Cybersecurity Governance Information Security Information Security Management System (ISMS) Management System Data Protection Officer Committee Working Team   Overseen by the Chief Operating   Review and approve plans   Ensure organisation compliance Officer to formulate, review and programs to implement, to Personal Data Protection Act and approve information maintain and improve B.E. 2562 (2019) security policy, as well as information security system   Act as the contact point reviewing effectiveness of and awareness for reports and management policy implementation   Conduct risk assessment and of data privacy matters   Provide direction and analysis on cybersecurity and management support for privacy security initiatives and   Set strategic direction for resources needed for information and communications information security of technology and information   Ensure implementation of management information security controls is coordinated across the organisation 122 VGI Public Company Limited Information Security Management The Rabbit Group plays a vital role in protecting customer data due to the nature of its payment service business, which deals with handling a large amount of personal information.
The Company has therefore established an information security policy as a framework for information security and privacy, as well as to ensure compliance with relevant regulatory and contractual requirements by people related to the Company s information system.
Everyone must comply with the policies, and disciplinary action will be imposed if a security incident arises from neglect.
In addition, the Company has a data security management system as follows: Identify Deploy a systematic methodology to identify and evaluate risk treatment plans Assess Incorporate information security risk assessment into the project management process and system development life cycle Control Methods for risk treatment can be risk avoidance, risk transfer, risk mitigation, or risk acceptance.
For risk mitigation, controls must be selected and implemented to ensure risks are reduced to acceptable levels Review   Document information security risk assessment results and controls   Review risk assessment at regular intervals In addition, VGI has established the Information Security Policy.
The scope of enforcement applies to employees and related persons working on behalf of the Company.
This policy is a framework for determining the operational guidelines for maintaining the Company s information security and complying with the relevant requirements and regulations.
The policy also covers the Company s information security structure, information security related to personnel, property management, access control, data encryption related to biological and environmental data, operation and external provider relations, and information security management to create business continuity, including compliance.
This policy will be reviewed and subject to audits for compliance by internal and external auditors.
VGI also conducts regular assessments of technical vulnerabilities in information technology systems.
The Company s information security management system is set to be audited by a certified auditor per ISO 27001:2013.
In addition, the Company has prepared a business continuity and information recovery plan to ensure data availability and administration during potential disruptions to critical business processes.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 123 Data Privacy Protection Data privacy protection of all stakeholders, customers, employees, partners and business alliances is of great importance to VGI, hence the Company has established the Data Privacy Protection Policy following the Personal Data Protection Act B.E. 2562, as well as organising training on the requirements of this topic to increase employees  awareness.
In 2023/24, the Company organised training courses for the Board of Directors to prepare and enhance their knowledge on the enforcement of regulations.
Additionally, it shall be noted that VGI will only use customer information for the purposes specified under the privacy policy with consent.
Furthermore, the Company conducted training on data privacy protection for its employees to raise awareness and understanding of data privacy protection.
This training was held twice in the past year.
In the year 2023/24, the Company did not use customer information for any other purposes and did not receive any requests for customer information from government agencies or law enforcement authorities.
Customer Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Human Resources for Business Partners Privacy Policy Privacy Policy CCTV Privacy Policy BSSH Privacy Policy for Shareholders  Meeting 124 VGI Public Company Limited 04 SOCIAL DIMENSION 4.1 Customer Relationship Management 4.2 Human Resources Development and Well-Being 4.3 Human Rights 4.4 Social and Community Development 4.5 Occupational Health and Safety 4.6 Responsibility Towards Advertising and Media Content 4.1 CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT (GRI 3-3) Long-Term Sustainable Development Progress Towards 2023/24 Goals From 2020/21-2024/25 Target: 90% Customer satisfaction score   95% Customer satisfaction score Goal 90%   No complaints from customers regarding advertising media and customer service Performance 94% VGI places great importance on its customers, recognising that the relationship with customers is the key to sustainable business.
The Company, therefore, has a policy to effectively manage customer relations through various activities to meet and strengthen relationships directly with customers, focusing on listening and responding to their needs.
This enables VGI to understand the various needs of customers and able to offer quality products and services that are right for their needs, as customer satisfaction with the Company s products and services is an essential factor in the organisation s business performance.
Customer Relationship Management Strategy VGI is committed to strengthening customer trust throughout all stages of business activities, thus the Company follows ethical branding practices in delivering, inspecting and developing products and services with quality and modernity that consistently meet customers  needs.
In addition, VGI provides only legitimate information about its products and services during marketing without making exaggerated claims or taking advantage of market vulnerabilities.
The Company also has a quality inspection system before delivering work to customers, tracking and promptly correcting in case of defects or damages found in advertising products and media, as well as regularly conducting inspection and maintenance to ensure smooth operations.
As for the payment service business, the Company has an efficient after-sales service process to improve customer experience.
Please scan this QR code for the Ethical Branding and Marketing Policy 126 VGI Public Company Limited Furthermore, VGI has other effective customer relationship management methods, including organising activities with customers; conducting an annual customer satisfaction evaluation and establishing a contact channel where customers can submit complaints or suggestions through the Company s social media channels such as Facebook, X, Instagram or call +66 (0) 2273-8884 #0; and setting guidelines Customer Satisfaction Score for handling complaints to respond to customers promptly.
Such complaints 94% will be notified to the relevant affiliates or departments for investigation and corrective action, with the complainant being notified with the results as soon as possible.
Customer Engagement Initiatives Rabbit Rewards Joined Forces with Robinhood to Redeem Free BTS SkyTrain Rides Rabbit Rewards partnered with Robinhood to provide special benefits for Rabbit Rewards and Robinhood Ride customers.
When taking a 100-baht minimum Robinhood Ride, receive 250 Rabbit Rewards points to redeem one BTS SkyTrain ride or various other rewards through the Rabbit Rewards application, giving back to customers and supporting the use of public transport to reduce air pollution and dust in Bangkok.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 127 4.2 HUMAN RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT AND WELL-BEING (GRI 3-3, 401-2, 404-1, 404-2, 404-3, 405-1) Long-Term Sustainable Development Goals Progress Towards 2023/24 Goals From 2020/21-2024/25 Target: At least 90% of employee satisfaction rate At least 90% of employee satisfaction rate Goal 90% Performance 97% *Targets are linked to executive compensation VGI recognises that employees are an invaluable resource in driving the organisation towards business success.
Therefore, effective human resource management is essential to empowering employees and adapting to ever- changing business directions.
VGI is committed to promoting the development of employees  potential and retaining quality employees to drive the Company to become a sustainable organisation.
Human Resources Management Employees play a significant role in driving the Company s vision, mission and strategy to success.
VGI s human resources management follows the Human Resources Management Policy and related handbooks.
The policy covers all aspects of human resources management, organisational structure, recruitment and employment, fair remuneration and welfare, performance assessment, human capital development, safe workplace environment, protection of human rights and employee relations, with human resources management under the responsibility of the Human Resources Department.
VGI works extremely hard to ensure that the most talented employees are attracted and retained to foster the transformation and growth of the organisation s business, thus the Company conducts an annual performance appraisal of all employees and employee satisfaction and engagement surveys.
Furthermore, VGI has developed various training courses to encourage employees to fully enhance their potential and abilities.
Total Employees Hiring Rate Turnover Rate 1,705 39% 58% people 128 VGI Public Company Limited Human Capital Development VGI provides various training courses to increase employees  competency and skills, with particular focus on 4 key areas as follows: Business Acumen Innovative Mind Have a good understanding of work and Have the courage to constantly think, business, building alliances and seeing experiment, learn and initiate new things the big picture Collaboration Enhanced Potential Cooperate, participate, listen and exchange, Commit to always develop and enhance and share for public interest one s potential VGI also uses core competencies as a tool for employee development plans, enabling employees to develop their capabilities for long-term career advancement.
The training at VGI is divided into 3 courses as follows: 1 2 3 Intermediate Courses: Management Courses: Function-Specific Courses: To increase the knowledge, Training courses for supervisors Training courses to develop skills and abilities of employees, regarding management and enhance employees  as well as create a positive of work and subordinates abilities and duties-specific perspective in work knowledge Additionally, the Company monitors the return on investment (ROI) in human capital, an indicator that reflects the return value of human capital investment related to human resources.
In FY 2023/24, the average training hours per employee is 36.11 hours, with essential training courses as follows: SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 129 FY 2023/24 Training Courses VGI: Strengthen Our People s Power from Within VGI is committed to developing employees  potential, adaptability and mindset that are supportive, appropriate and conducive to the creation of a happy organisation alongside business success.
The Company therefore organised the  Strengthen Our People s Power from Within  training course for employees to learn and understand humans  true selves, starting with themselves, and able to correctly apply and change through various steps and methods from experts.
Empathic Communication Good communication denotes that the interlocutor is able to communicate confidently, trustfully and unleash their full potential, as well as self-observation and empathy skills, recognising sincerity in communication, creating a workplace that is safe with mutual understanding, which leads to empathy and the desire to help one another.
As a result, VGI organised the  Empathic Communication  training course for all employees in accordance with the core competency of collaboration in order to create good relationships among employees, enabling them to work happily and care for one another s feelings amidst a friendly atmosphere stemming from compatible communication.
Coach Your Health VGI believes that employees are the organisation s most important resource, and employee health is a major factor in enabling employees to work joyfully.
The Company thus organised the  Coach Your Health  training course to increase employees  understanding of annual health check-up results; knowledge on various risk factors of diseases and disease risk prevention; and create awareness on the importance of caring for one s health and the effects of health problems.
130 VGI Public Company Limited VGI and Sustainable Development Sustainable organisational development is a concept among organisations around the world today.
Aside from being crucial to business operations, it also considers responsibilities in 3 aspects: environment, society and governance (ESG).
The Company conducts business sustainability in order to increase confidence and demonstrate accountability to stakeholders, leading further to sustainable business operations.
VGI organised training for employees to create knowledge and understanding on the importance of doing business sustainably in environmental, social and governance aspects, raising awareness of and engagement in sustainability.
All employees attended the training, demonstrating VGI s determination to become a sustainable organisation.
Climate Change Climate change is a critical issue that causes widespread impact, which, aside from affecting people, society and the environment, also creates both direct and indirect effects on business.
Therefore, VGI places importance on climate change, its solutions and reduction of these issues, thus the Company organised training for employees  knowledge and understanding of future guidelines for adaptation at the national and international levels in order to find solutions for manmade global warming.
Business organisations play a major role in preventing and protecting the environment through reduction in energy consumption, water consumption and waste as well as greenhouse gas emission from organisational activities, alleviating the impact of climate change and positively contributing to society and the environment.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 131 Diversity and Inclusion VGI values a diverse workforce and a culture of inclusion, strongly believing that diversity and inclusion create a dynamic workplace.
Employees can express their opinions without discrimination against their sexual orientation, sex, gender, race or ethnicity, nationality, country of origin or cultural background.
LGBTQIA+ personnel also have the right to equally receive welfare and benefits offered by the Company, such as provident fund, family funeral leave, and sick leave for gender-affirming surgery.
In addition, the Company emphasises equal renumeration based on personnel s work performance regardless of sex or gender.
All Management Junior Management Top Management Non-Management Positions Positions Positions Level 47% 53% 51% 49% 45% 55% 40% 60% % Share of Total Workforce Male Employees Female Employees Furthermore, if incidents of discrimination and harassment within the Company are found, reports can be made through the whistleblowing channels in accordance with the Corporate Governance and Code of Conduct Handbook, and the complainant will be protected for doing so.
Complainants can also make written or verbal reports to their supervisors and the Human Resources Department.
The report will be carried out following the established investigation process, forwarded to the Director of Human Resources and notified to the Chief Executive Officer as appropriate.
In this regard, the Company will take relevant corrective or disciplinary action in accordance with investigation results.
In the case of a violation, appropriate legal action will be taken.
Please scan this QR code for more information on the Corporate Governance Policy and Code of Conduct Employee Satisfaction Employee Engagement VGI conducted a satisfaction survey to evaluate employees  Survey Score engagement with the organisation.
A survey analysis 73% has been utilised by the Company to improve employee satisfaction, as well as to establish training courses to develop employees  potential and ensure that all Employee Satisfaction Survey Score employees feel valued and have engagement in their work.
97% In FY 2023/24, all employees completed the survey, showing that 73% of employees were actively engaged, higher than the annual target of 70%.
132 VGI Public Company Limited 4.3 HUMAN RIGHTS (GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 412-1) VGI recognises that human rights are fundamental rights everyone deserves equally and fairly.
Human rights violations can affect business operations and corporate image, thus VGI places the utmost importance on respecting the human rights of stakeholders throughout the organisation s value chain, following human rights principles and complying with relevant laws and standards at both local and international levels to prevent and avoid human rights violations.
Human Rights Policy VGI has established the Human Rights Policy as a standard for human rights management throughout the organisation s value chain, which shows the Company s commitment to preventing human trafficking, forced labour, child labour discrimination and any form of harassment, both sexually and otherwise.
In addition, the Company supports and complies with human rights principles on the freedom of association, the right to collective bargaining and equal compensation.
It has also made improvements to the policy on occupational health and safety.
The Human Rights Policy defines the Company s commitment to respecting human rights throughout the value chain according to international human rights standards, such as The UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, including the Convention on the Rights of the Child, the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities) and the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work.
In addition, the Company also established a policy on discrimination and harassment against the rights of others and a policy on diversity and acceptance of diversity to support and respect employees  human rights and diversity.
Please scan this QR code for more information on the Human Rights Policy Human Rights Management Policy commitment Assess actual and Integrate findings and Track and communicate Remediate adverse potential impacts take appropriate actions performance impacts VGI conducts a comprehensive human rights risk audit and assessment under the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights to assess the risks associated with the Company s and subsidiaries  business operations, ensuring measurements are in place to mitigate and remedy those impacts in case of violations.
VGI provides information in the Diligence Disclosure Report to the public on the Company s website.
Please scan this QR Code for the HRDD Report SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 133 Promotion of Human Rights Culture VGI has always promoted awareness of human rights issues among executives and employees at all levels.
In 2023/24, the Company conducted a two-hour online training session through external institutions to educate employees on basic human rights, including significant and relevant human rights risks and impacts along the business value chain, such as discrimination and harassment in the workplace.
Employees also gain a thorough understanding of the comprehensive human rights risk audit process and policies regarding discrimination, harassment, rights violation, and diversity and inclusion policies.
In the case of human rights violations, stakeholders can report such incidents or clues through complaint reporting channels provided by the Company 0 time for the investigation process.
In 2023/24, no discrimination or harassment incidents were reported.
no discrimination or harassment incidents Raising Human Rights Awareness by Supporting Human Rights Media Spaces VGI plays a role in supporting and raising awareness of human rights through various projects and public relations campaigns on the BTS SkyTrain media.
This ensures that these messages reach a large number of people using the BTS SkyTrain services.
The dissemination of promotional materials or campaigns can therefore reach a wide audience and spread positive impacts throughout society.
The Knee and Hip Replacement Surgery Project for Underprivileged Patients (Happy Walk Operation Project) The  New Joint For Life Foundation  is a non-profit medical charity organisation established to promote welfare for society and individuals in difficult circumstances or in need of assistance.
The foundation provides treatment for knee and hip osteoarthritis through knee and hip replacement surgeries, giving underprivileged patients a better quality of life and the ability to walk comfortably again.
The foundation collaborates with medical volunteers from various fields, including doctors, nurses and physical therapists who generously volunteer their services.
To date, they have carried out 20 joint replacement surgery projects for underprivileged patients in various provinces across the country.
134 VGI Public Company Limited The 16-Day Campaign to End Gender-Based Violence VGI supported the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) by providing media space on the BTS SkyTrain to promote the 16 Days of Activism against Gender-Based Violence campaign, which takes place annually from November 25 to December 10.
This campaign aims to raise awareness among the public about gender-based violence and to share knowledge to end all forms of gender-based violence in society.
The Color of Pride  Project at MBK during Pride Month VGI joined in celebrating Pride Month Festival, promoting gender diversity through advertisements and activities demonstrating equal support and understanding for all gender identities.
This includes participating in Pride parades, culminating the end of Pride Month with the Pride in Love Final Mardi Gras event, and organising  The Color of Pride  activities at the MBK Center plaza.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 135 4.4 SOCIAL AND COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT (GRI 3-3) VGI realises that to operate its business sustainably, the Company must work hand in hand with society.
Therefore, the Company focuses on social development responsibility because social recognition and trust are essential to VGI s business growth.
Social Responsibility Direction VGI has formulated CSR initiatives and social development activities aligned with the Company s business objectives and nature of operations.
In 2023/24, VGI established a social responsibility programme to support education development and raise awareness about environmental protection.
From such activities, the Company aims to support and increase the number of volunteer employees and foster positive social awareness and organisational satisfaction.
VGI s CSR Strategic Direction Caring, protecting, Education restoring, and Public health development raising awareness improvement support toward environmental preservation VGI s Social Activities Development of Computer Laboratories for Schools VGI and the VGI Volunteers team have taken part in developing a computer laboratory, donating 50 sets of computers and chairs, along with 16 wall-mounted fans.
The team also helped design and develop the network system for Rajaprajanugroh 14 School in Mueang District, Nong Khai Province.
This initiative aims to drive better quality of life for the country s youth by providing equal opportunities.
Through this effort, the Company extends support to schools that still lack necessary learning equipment.
136 VGI Public Company Limited The  25 Million Steps for Kids  Campaign To celebrate VGI s 25th anniversary, the  25 Million Steps for Kids  project was initiated, encouraging employees to collectively accumulate steps over a period of 3 months with a target of 25 million steps.
The VGI employees exceeded this goal, achieving a total of 263,116,934 steps.
This remarkable achievement led VGI and the VGI Volunteers Club to embark on a journey to donate scholarships and support sports equipment for students at Sam Phrao Community School in Mueang Udon Thani District, Udon Thani Province.
This initiative aims to develop the skills and potential of the children, ensuring they have access to learning materials and resources.
The Operation Smile Foundation for Helping Underprivileged Patients with Cleft Lips and Palates The Operation Smile Foundation is a non-profit medical charity organisation with the primary mission of assisting underprivileged patients with cleft lips and palates burn scars, and other facial abnormalities at no cost.
Each year, the foundation aims to treat 800-1,000 underprivileged patients through mobile medical unit projects conducted 4 times a year.
In addition to treating patients with cleft lips and palates, the foundation also provides assistance, treatment and surgery for patients with burn scars and contractures, which would make it difficult for them to lead normal lives without treatment.
VGI supports the foundation by providing media space to publicise its mission, goals, and to communicate the suffering of burn patients.
This includes comparing burns from special effects in movies with real-life burns to raise broad public awareness.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 137 Providing Scholarships to Employees  Children VGI provides scholarships to the children of employees every year.
This year, VGI awarded 85 scholarships, each worth 5,000 Baht, to enhance the learning opportunities of employees  children, helping them develop their potential and become valuable contributors to the country s future.
Donation of Disinfection Machines to School VGI donated 2 disinfection machines to Prempracha Wattana School (Catholic School) to help eliminate germs that may spread among students and parents, ensuring good hygiene for the children attending school.
This initiative aligns with VGI s goal of conducting business efficiently while contributing to sustainable development in all aspects of society.
138 VGI Public Company Limited Donation of Calendars to the Education Technology Center for the Blind VGI, in collaboration with BTS Group, donated desk calendars from the  Heroes Give  campaign.
Employees, BTS SkyTrain passengers and nearby organisations collectively donated over 20,000 copies.
Additionally, as representatives of the BTS Group of Companies and BTS SkyTrain passengers, they contributed a total of 786,450 Baht to support the purchase of equipment for developing Braille book production for use in teaching materials for visually impaired individuals at the Education Technology Center for the Blind, Thai Association of the Blind, under the Royal Patronage of H.M. the Queen.
This project aligns with the Company s social responsibility strategy to support quality education and caring for society and the environment.
Moreover, it promotes education for visually impaired individuals and contributes to reducing waste and maximising resource utilisation.
VGI Kids: Empowering Clean Energy VGI, in collaboration with the Bangkok Mass Transit System Public Company Limited (BTSC), organised the VGI Kids activity for the children of employees.
This initiative aimed to promote the use of clean energy and encourage creativity through upcycling materials.
Additionally, it fostered environmental and energy conservation awareness among the children.
The program not only contributed to environmental sustainability but also provided care for the employees  children during working hours.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 139 4.5 OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY (GRI 3-3, 403-1, 403-2, 403-6, 403-9) Long-Term Sustainable Development Goals Progress Towards 2023/24 Goals From 2020/21-2024/25 Target: No accidents from work   Employees and suppliers are 100% trained according Goal 100% to safety standards   No work accidents Performance 100% VGI realises that responsibility for safety, occupational health and a good working environment is crucial to business success.
Therefore, VGI strives to be an accident-free organisation by prioritising the safety of employees and society.
The Company continues to develop employees  safety, health and welfare in all aspects by establishing a policy on occupational health and safety that applies to employees, contractors, suppliers and all relevant stakeholders.
The Company has appointed a Safety Committee and Safety Officers responsible for managing the organisation s occupational health and safety.
VGI continues to work and develop its occupational health and safety management system under the requirements of the International Organisation for Standardisation ISO 45001, including relevant laws and regulations.
In addition, the Company regularly assesses and prioritises operational risks for its advertising media business.
The risk assessment process consists of the following: Analysis and Implementation Actions and Effective evaluation of of control levels evaluating communication work activities and formulation progress to of action plans prevent health 1 to eliminate 2 risks 3 4 hazards and reduce risks Employees can report hazardous incidents and situations during the monthly safety meeting.
They can also prepare an incident report for further investigation following the procedures of the Company s operating regulations.
The Company also encourages employees to report concerns related to occupational health and safety through the Company s whistleblowing channels under the Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Manual, and the informant is protected from retaliation.
Moreover, in case of injury or illness from work, employees have the right to take the day off and notify relevant personnel to take action.
The Company has also prepared an organisational business continuity management plan to prepare and respond to health emergencies, such as an epidemic crisis that could disrupt business activities.
In addition, the Company expects its suppliers to maintain safety and occupational health management standards as announced through the Supplier Code of Conduct for procurement and employment.
It is one of the criteria the Company utilises to evaluate suppliers in the procurement process and is part of the procurement contract specifications.
140 VGI Public Company Limited Please scan this QR Code for more information on the Occupational Health and Safety Policy Organisational Culture of Occupational Health and Safety VGI actively promotes employee health and safety culture through various initiatives, which include annual health check-ups, exercise classes such as running clubs, yoga, and aerobics.
Massage chairs are also provided in the office to help alleviate employee fatigue throughout the day.
Additionally, mental health is prioritised, and to support this, VGI has implemented a mental health consultation project through the  Relationflip  application.
Employees can complete surveys to assess their current mental health status and access online consultations with medical professionals at no cost.
These efforts aim to foster a culture of well-being and safety within the organisation.
In addition, VGI conducts training in safety and occupational health to raise awareness and reduce workplace adverse health and safety incidents that may occur.
This training course is arranged annually for all employees, which is more than the requirement by law to conduct training every 2 years.
In FY 2023/24, a total of 378 people participated in the training, including 151 employees and 227 contractors.
Furthermore, VGI organises fire evacuation training for all employees annually, in collaboration with the building owners.
This ensures that employees have sufficient knowledge and understanding to respond appropriately, promptly and effectively to emergency situations.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 141 4.6 RESPONSIBILITY TOWARDS ADVERTISING AND MEDIA CONTENT (GRI 3-3) As a market leader in Offline-to-Online ( O2O ) Solutions, VGI recognises that advertising and marketing media can reach various people and communities.
For this reason, the Company attaches foremost importance to the governance of advertising content to ensure that it is accurate, truthful and complies with legal requirements or morals to reduce the potential risks of complaints, recalls and fines.
Responsible Content and Advertising VGI has set appropriate measures and guidelines for advertising media through its advertising content responsibility policy which covers the ethics of advertising and the presentation of various media, whereby the Company ensures that the content used for advertisements on such media is accurate, appropriate, truthful, and not contrary to the relevant requirements, laws and practices.
The Company will not present advertising media content that takes advantage of or causes chaos to vulnerable groups such as youths, incites religious and racial conflict, or depicts violence and pornography.
In addition, the Company will not display content that deviates or exaggerates in a false manner with the intention to deceive society.
Warning messages will be offered for advertising content that may be offensive or violent so that viewers can choose to watch as appropriate.
To comply with advertising guidelines, the Company will agree to terms and conditions with customers and brands in every business collaboration.
The Company has also established a procedure to verify advertising media content by the Legal Department and other relevant agencies to ensure all content complies with laws, practices, and the Bangkok Mass Transit System Public Company Limited s requirements.
Should the content be inconsistent with the Company s guidelines, VGI reserves the right to refuse to publish such advertising content as agreed upon terms and conditions.
Furthermore, in FY 2023/24, VGI did not receive any complaints or notifications regarding inappropriate media content, and there were no incidents of discrimination or harassment.
0 Case No Complaints or Notifications Regarding Inappropriate Media Content Please scan this QR code for more information on the Responsible Content and Advertising Policy 142 VGI Public Company Limited 05 ENVIRONMENTAL DIMENSION 5.1 Climate and Energy Strategy 5.2 Waste Management SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 5.1 CLIMATE AND ENERGY STRATEGY (GRI 3-3, 302-4, 305-1, 305-2, 305-3, 305-5) Long-Term Sustainable Development Goals Progress Towards 2023/24 Goals From 2020/21-2024/25 Target: Maintain electricity consumption to no more than   Maintain electricity consumption to no more than 10% compared to 2019 10% compared to 2019 Goal   10%   Use corporate advertising platforms to present climate change content to reach at least 1 million people per year Performance   10% Climate change is undeniably a global problem.
Therefore, as an Offline-to-Online ( O2O ) Solutions service provider, VGI is committed to addressing challenges and opportunities arising from climate change and energy conservation.
VGI not only intends to address the greenhouse gas emissions generated by the Company s business activities but also aims to raise social awareness about the importance of climate change through the Company s advertising platform.
VGI adheres to an environmental policy that shows the Company s commitment to improving energy efficiency in its operations, investing in modern technologies to improve energy conservation, conducting thorough consideration on the use of clean energy in business operations and raising awareness about the impact of climate change by publishing climate change content via the Company s various media channels and platforms.
In addition, VGI focuses on managing risks and opportunities resulting from climate change, such as dramatic changes in extreme weather conditions and natural disasters that may affect VGI s business activities.
Therefore, to address these climate change risks, VGI has implemented a corporate risk management process to review existing and emerging risk factors related to the impact of climate on business operations, including a disaster recovery plan to deal with adverse weather events.
Please scan this QR code for more details on the Environmental Policy Climate Change Risks and Opportunities Assessment VGI is committed to addressing the challenges and opportunities arising from climate change by managing greenhouse gas emissions generated from its business operations.
Additionally, the Company aims to raise social awareness about the importance of climate change through its media channels and various platforms.
VGI manages climate-related risks and opportunities, such as rapid changes in severe weather conditions and natural disasters that may impact business activities.
The Company discloses information in accordance with the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) standards, which includes assessing business risks and opportunities related to climate change.
144 VGI Public Company Limited Furthermore, VGI has established guidelines for evaluating and managing climate-related risks and opportunities.
These guidelines consider climate risks and opportunities relevant to the business that could significantly impact the Company s entire value chain, including upstream, downstream, and our own operations, as well as those of our suppliers and customers.
For more detailed information, please refer to VGI s Climate Risk Assessment Report.
Please scan this QR code Please scan this QR code for more details on the for more details on the TCFD Report Climate Risk Assessment Report Greenhouse Gas Emissions in FY 2023/24 GHG Emissions Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions Scope 1+2+3 2,824 13,702 tonnes CO equivalent (tCO e) tonnes CO equivalent (tCO e) 2 2 2 2 Scope 1 Scope 2 Scope 3 Direct Emissions Indirect Emissions Other Indirect Emissions 175 tCO e 2,649 tCO e 10,878 tCO e 2 2 2 Direct emissions Electricity Upstream activities and consumption and downstream vehicles activities SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 145 Energy Conservation and Greenhouse Gas Reduction Project Carbon Neutral VGI is dedicated to managing its greenhouse gas emissions with a serious approach.
This year, the Company has calculated, verified and registered its organisational carbon footprint and has been awarded the Carbon Neutral label by the Thailand Greenhouse Gas Management Organization (Public Organization) or TGO.
VGI has offset its greenhouse gas emissions by participating in carbon credit projects certified by TGO.
Additionally, the Company has sourced 10% of its energy from renewable sources by using Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs) obtained from the Solar Power Plant Project by BCPG Company Limited.
The Air We Share VGI has provided venue support and advertising through the Company s various platforms for the  The Air We Share  event.
In collaboration with BTS Group, the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration, the Thai Health Promotion Foundation, and other governmental, private and civil society partners, this event aims to educate the public and raise awareness about the health impacts of PM 2.5 air pollution.
The event presented ways in which individuals can contribute to solving air pollution through sustainable daily practices.
The interactive walll at the  The Air We Share  event also provided an immersive and engaging platform for participants, transforming the PM 2.5 air pollution learning experience into an interactive journey.
25 Million Steps for Kids  Project -  Plant Trees, Love Nature, Increase Green Spaces for the Community  The  25 Million Steps for Kids  initiative, held in collaboration with students and staff from Sam Phrao Community School in Mueang Udon Thani District, Udon Thani Province, aims to increase green spaces within the community.
This effort aligns with the Company s goal of promoting environmental sustainability within society and the community.
146 VGI Public Company Limited Release Turtles to the Sea Super Turtle Public Company Limited, along with the Company s employees held a CSR activity to release baby turtles back to the sea, clean turtle ponds and donated to support the Sea Turtle Conservation Center Royal Thai Navy, Sattahip District, Chonburi Province as part of sustainable environmental protection and marine ecosystem restoration, as well as to continue developing projects to support society.
Same Way Save World VGI is aware of the carbon emissions generated by employees commuting to work.
Therefore, the Company has initiated the  Same Way Save World  campaign to encourage employees to carpool to reduce unnecessary carbon emissions from car commute.
Since the project s inception in 2021, it has helped avoid a total of 75 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (tCO e) emissions from employee commute.
2 Reducing Electricity Consumption at BTS SkyTrain Station VGI has been reducing electricity consumption from the Company s advertising media at BTS SkyTrain stations by switching from fluorescent bulbs to LED bulbs since 2013.
Additionally, the policy to turn off lights after operating hours has been implemented.
These efforts have enabled the Company to save up to 4 million Baht in electricity costs.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 147 Water Management As VGI s main business is to provide Offline-to-Online Solutions, water is used only in the office building where the Company is located.
The Company consistently communicates with employees about water conservation and efficient usage.
VGI s water consumption comes entirely from tap water, with water usage amounting to approximately 4,400 cubic meters in FY 2023/24.
2020/21 3,715 cubic meters 2021/22 2,331 cubic meters 2022/23 2,303 cubic meters 2023/24 4,400 cubic meters 148 VGI Public Company Limited 5.2 WASTE MANAGEMENT (GRI 3-3, 306-2, 306-3, 306-4, 306-5) Long-Term Sustainable Development Goals Progress Towards 2023/24 Goals From 2020/21-2024/25 Target: Adjust waste disposal methods from landfilling   Adjust waste disposal methods from landfilling or or incineration to recycling at a rate of 30% of incineration to recycling at a rate of 30% of total waste total waste   Create value from waste by converting it into Goal 30% environmentally friendly products, with the goal of reducing waste generation by at least 10% Performance 30% VGI pays attention to waste reduction, compliance with Waste Management Practices, and circular economy in business activities.
The Company realises that efficient waste management is an essential agenda in business operations which helps reduce potential impacts on communities and the environment in a broader context.
VGI is committed to efficient waste management and adopting the Company s circular economy plan following the Environmental Policy.
Waste generated by VGI s operations stems from office activities and is handled by the building management according to contractual obligations.
Used vinyl banners generated from the Company s advertising media business are stored locally or recycled according to circular economy principles.
In this regard, the Company has established a system for supervising and tracking general waste information.
In addition, the Company instills awareness among employees to recognise the importance of waste reduction according to the 3R principle of Reduce, Reuse and Recycle.
VGI 3R Principle Reduce Reuse Recycle Please scan this QR code for the Environmental Policy SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 149 Waste Management Performance in 2023/24 25.29 tonnes 45.07% Total Waste Waste Recycled (Hazardous and Non-hazardous) Waste Reduction Project VGI donated standees and inkjet equipment to MUSIC INSPIRES by the Music Network for the Disabled, an organisation that provides music education and activities to develop musical potential and skills for people with disabilities and the public.
The institution will use the donated standees and inkjet equipment to produce educational materials for their music programmes.
The total value of the donated equipment is 19,000 Baht.
Waste Segregation VGI separates waste generated from office activities before they are disposed to the building management team.
The Company has provided specific bins for different types of waste, including general waste, food waste, recyclable waste and hazardous waste.
VGI promotes waste segregation to raise employee awareness about the importance of their role and cooperation in effective waste management.
150 VGI Public Company Limited Plastic Bottle Reduction Campaign VGI encourages all employees to participate in reducing plastic waste within the organisation.
The Company has provided water filtration systems to ensure access to clean drinking water and distributed insulated reusable water bottles as commemorative gifts for VGI s 25th anniversary.
This initiative aims to promote the use of reusable bottles, reduce plastic waste and contribute to the organisation s efforts to lower its greenhouse gas emissions.
Vinyl Upcycling Project from Used Billboards VGI continues to upcycle vinyl from used billboards as part of the Company s commitment to reducing waste by applying circular economy principles.
In 2023/24, vinyl waste were diverted from disposal and upcycled into reusable bags.
These bags, over 650 in total, were sold and distributed to schools involved in VGI s various volunteer projects.
This initiative not only helps reduce waste but also supports community income by employing local workers to produce the bags.
Last year, VGI supported the community with over 100,000 Baht in employment opportunities.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 151 152 VGI Public Company Limited 06     SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE SUMMARY 6.1   (Sustainability Performance Report) 6.2   GRI (GRI Content Index) 6.3   (Independent Assurance Statement) 6.4   (Survey of Readers  Opinion) 6.1   (SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE REPORT)   2566/67   VGI The sustainability performance report for FY 2023/24   has been independently compiled and released on   the VGI website.
Stakeholders and individuals interested in specific performance details can access the report by scanning the QR code provided below.
154 VGI Public Company Limited 6.2   GRI (GRI CONTENT INDEX)   GRI (Global Reporting Initiative)   The GRI (Global Reporting Initiative) Report for FY 2023/24   2566/67   VGI   has been meticulously reported and is now available for     viewing on the VGI website.
Stakeholders and parties   interested in the index can access the report by scanning the QR code provided below.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 155 6.3   (INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT) (cid:13)(cid:19)(cid:18)(cid:2)(cid:1)(cid:10)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:2)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:20)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1) (cid:19)(cid:13)(cid:32)(cid:19)(cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:18)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:2)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:10)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:31)(cid:8)(cid:32)(cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:17)(cid:43)(cid:22)(cid:32)(cid:3)(cid:41)(cid:13)(cid:10)(cid:31)(cid:4)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:4)(cid:16)(cid:41)(cid:14)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:17)(cid:2)(cid:2)(cid:46)(cid:15)(cid:46)(cid:26)(cid:1)(cid:48)(cid:13)(cid:10)(cid:45)(cid:14)(cid:28)(cid:10)(cid:21)(cid:41)(cid:6)(cid:30)(cid:5)(cid:32) s(cid:1) (cid:20)(cid:20)(cid:48)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:40)(cid:29)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:41)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:19)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:1) (cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:7)(cid:26)(cid:1)(cid:1089)(cid:1087)(cid:1089)(cid:1090)(cid:1181)(cid:1089)(cid:1091)(cid:1) (cid:19)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:8)(cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:17)(cid:22)(cid:3)(cid:13)(cid:10)(cid:4)(cid:1)(cid:4)(cid:16)(cid:14)(cid:17)(cid:2)(cid:15)(cid:26)(cid:1)(cid:13)(cid:10)(cid:14)(cid:10)(cid:21)(cid:6)(cid:5) s (cid:20)(cid:48)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:29)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:19)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:1) (cid:1) (cid:21)(cid:33)(cid:35)(cid:42)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:2)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:48)(cid:35)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:7)(cid:20)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:26)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:1089)(cid:32)(cid:1087)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1089)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:1090)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:1181)(cid:32)(cid:1089)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:1091)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)VGI PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED (cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:30)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:48)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1) (cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:28)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:19)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:1) (cid:1) (cid:1) (cid:21)(cid:21)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:40)(cid:1)(cid:2)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:33)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:34)(cid:20)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:41)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)VGI PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED (cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:30)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:48)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1) (cid:13)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:19)(cid:45)(cid:18)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:2)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:1175)(cid:21)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:28)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:31)(cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:45)(cid:31)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:1176)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:13)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:40)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:19)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:50)(cid:42)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:1141)(cid:30)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:40)(cid:40)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:52)(cid:1)VGI PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED (cid:1175)(cid:23)(cid:8)(cid:10)(cid:1176) (cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:1) (cid:1) (cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:29)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:7)(cid:26)(cid:1)(cid:1089)(cid:1087)(cid:1089)(cid:1090)(cid:1181)(cid:1089)(cid:1091)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:40)(cid:1)(cid:1088)(cid:1)(cid:2)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:1089)(cid:1087)(cid:1089)(cid:1090)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:1090)(cid:1088)(cid:1)(cid:14)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:30)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:1089)(cid:1087)(cid:1089)(cid:1091)(cid:1)( the report )(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)AccountAbility s AA1000AS (cid:21)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:40)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1) (cid:49)(cid:1090)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:42)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:37)(cid:48)(cid:31)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:43)(cid:43)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1142)(cid:1) (cid:50)(cid:13)(cid:19)(cid:35)(cid:18)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:2)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:1175)(cid:47)(cid:21)(cid:35)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:43)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:1176)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:1)(cid:13)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:40)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:21)(cid:31)(cid:52)(cid:43)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:32)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:1089)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:41)(cid:42)(cid:34)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:36)(cid:40)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1141)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:52)(cid:1)VGI PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED (cid:1175)(cid:23)(cid:8)(cid:10)(cid:1176) (cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:1) (cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:29)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:7)(cid:26)(cid:1)(cid:1089)(cid:1087)(cid:1089)(cid:1090)(cid:1181)(cid:1089)(cid:1091)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:40)(cid:1)(cid:1088)(cid:1)(cid:2)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:1089)(cid:1087)(cid:1089)(cid:1090)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:1090)(cid:1088)(cid:1)(cid:14)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:30)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:1089)(cid:1087)(cid:1089)(cid:1091)(cid:1)( the report )(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)AccountAbility s AA1000AS (cid:16)(cid:49)(cid:1090)(cid:48)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:41)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:34)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:40)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:42)(cid:31)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:28)(cid:31)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:8)(cid:32)(cid:10)(cid:49)(cid:1150)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:43)(cid:33)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:48)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:30)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:31)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:49)(cid:40)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:21)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:52)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:49)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:41)(cid:43)(cid:31)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:46)(cid:33)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:30)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:36)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:52)(cid:37)(cid:1)(cid:48)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:40)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:50)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:1)(cid:41)(cid:42)(cid:34)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:45)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:44)(cid:1)(cid:48)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:40)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:1143)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:43)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1142)(cid:1) (cid:50)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:45) (cid:32) (cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:6)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:49)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:42)(cid:39)(cid:48)(cid:43)(cid:28)(cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:28)(cid:8)(cid:1)(cid:21)(cid:10)(cid:52) s(cid:43) (cid:32)a(cid:1)d(cid:1089)h(cid:1)(cid:32)e(cid:41)re(cid:34)n(cid:28)(cid:34)ce(cid:32) (cid:40)to(cid:32) (cid:41)A(cid:47)A(cid:1141)(cid:1) 1000 AccountAbility Principles (2018) of Inclusivity, Materiality, Responsiveness and (cid:1) (cid:10)(cid:40)(cid:43)(cid:28)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:1141)(cid:1) (cid:16)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:8)(cid:10)(cid:1150)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:21)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:36)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:42)(cid:50)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:44)(cid:48)(cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:1143)(cid:1)   (cid:4)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:40)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:30)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:8)(cid:19)(cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:20)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:31)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:1089)(cid:1087)(cid:1089)(cid:1088)(cid:1088)(cid:1)   (cid:6)(cid:49)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:48)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:8)(cid:10) s adherence to AA1000 AccountAbility Principles (2018) of Inclusivity, Materiality, Responsiveness and   (cid:6)(cid:49)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:48)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:29)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:42)(cid:50)(cid:1143)(cid:1) (cid:10)(cid:40)(cid:43)(cid:28)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:1141)(cid:1) -  (cid:8) (cid:4)(cid:19) (cid:42)(cid:10) (cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:1090) (cid:33)(cid:1) (cid:36)(cid:14) (cid:45)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:47) (cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:45) (cid:34)(cid:36) (cid:1)(cid:28) (cid:47)(cid:39) (cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:47) (cid:28)(cid:52) (cid:47)(cid:1) (cid:1)(cid:28) (cid:47)(cid:46) (cid:35)(cid:46) (cid:32)(cid:32) (cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:46) (cid:32)(cid:46) (cid:43)(cid:40) (cid:42)(cid:32) (cid:45)(cid:41) (cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:47) (cid:36)(cid:1) (cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:30)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:8)(cid:19)(cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:20)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:31)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:1089)(cid:1087)(cid:1089)(cid:1088)(cid:1088)(cid:1) -  (cid:8) (cid:6)(cid:19) (cid:49)(cid:10) (cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:1090) (cid:39)(cid:48)(cid:1087) (cid:28)(cid:1089) (cid:47)(cid:1162)(cid:1088) (cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:6) (cid:34)(cid:41) (cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:32) (cid:35)(cid:45) (cid:32)(cid:34) (cid:1)(cid:52) (cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:30) (cid:39)(cid:42) (cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:41) (cid:29)(cid:46) (cid:36)(cid:48) (cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:40) (cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:43) (cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:47) (cid:33)(cid:36) (cid:1)(cid:42) (cid:31)(cid:41) (cid:28)(cid:1) (cid:47)(cid:50) (cid:28)(cid:36) (cid:1)(cid:47) (cid:28)(cid:35) (cid:41)(cid:36)(cid:41) (cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:47) (cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:35) (cid:33)(cid:32) (cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:42) (cid:45)(cid:40)(cid:45)(cid:34) (cid:28)(cid:28) (cid:47)(cid:41) (cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:36)(cid:53) (cid:41)(cid:28) (cid:1)(cid:47) (cid:33)(cid:36) (cid:42)(cid:42) (cid:45)(cid:41) (cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:28) (cid:41)(cid:41) (cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:31) (cid:1)(cid:1) (cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:41) (cid:35)(cid:47) (cid:32)(cid:32) (cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:41) (cid:32)(cid:46) (cid:39)(cid:36) (cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:52) (cid:30)(cid:1) (cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:42)(cid:50)(cid:1143)(cid:1) - (cid:8)(cid:19)(cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:1090)(cid:1087)(cid:1090)(cid:1162)(cid:1090)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:1090)(cid:1087)(cid:1090)(cid:1162)(cid:1091)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:1090)(cid:1087)(cid:1090)(cid:1162)(cid:1092)(cid:1)(cid:24)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:31)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:50)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1181)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:30)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:40)(cid:43)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1) -- (cid:8)(cid:8) (cid:19)(cid:19) (cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:10) (cid:1090)(cid:1)(cid:1090) (cid:1087)(cid:1)(cid:14) (cid:1092)(cid:1162)(cid:28) (cid:1088)(cid:47) (cid:1)(cid:5)(cid:32)(cid:45) (cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:28) (cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:39)(cid:36) (cid:47)(cid:47) (cid:1)(cid:52) (cid:8)(cid:1)(cid:28) (cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:46) (cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:32) (cid:41)(cid:46) (cid:35)(cid:46) (cid:42)(cid:40) (cid:48)(cid:32) (cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:41) (cid:1)(cid:47) (cid:8)(cid:1) (cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:6)(cid:40)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:1175)(cid:20)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:1088)(cid:1176)(cid:1089)(cid:1) -- (cid:8)(cid:8) (cid:19)(cid:19) (cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:10) (cid:1090)(cid:1)(cid:1090) (cid:1087)(cid:1087) (cid:1092)(cid:1089) (cid:1162)(cid:1162) (cid:1089)(cid:1088) (cid:1)(cid:10)(cid:1) (cid:41)(cid:6) (cid:31)(cid:41) (cid:36)(cid:32) (cid:45)(cid:45) (cid:32)(cid:34) (cid:30)(cid:52) (cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:1) (cid:8)(cid:30)(cid:42) (cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:41) (cid:32)(cid:46) (cid:41)(cid:48) (cid:35)(cid:40) (cid:42)(cid:43) (cid:48)(cid:47) (cid:46)(cid:36) (cid:32)(cid:42) (cid:1)(cid:41) (cid:8)(cid:1) (cid:28)(cid:50) (cid:46)(cid:36) (cid:1)(cid:47) (cid:6)(cid:35) (cid:40)(cid:36)(cid:41) (cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:47) (cid:46)(cid:35) (cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:32) (cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:42) (cid:46)(cid:45) (cid:1)(cid:34) (cid:1175)(cid:20)(cid:28) (cid:30)(cid:41) (cid:42)(cid:36)(cid:53) (cid:43)(cid:28) (cid:32)(cid:47) (cid:1)(cid:36) (cid:1089)(cid:42) (cid:1176)(cid:41) (cid:1089)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1) -- (cid:8)(cid:8) (cid:19)(cid:19) (cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:10) (cid:1090)(cid:1)(cid:1090) (cid:1087)(cid:1087) (cid:1092)(cid:1090) (cid:1162)(cid:1162) (cid:1090)(cid:1090) (cid:1)(cid:16)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:1090) (cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:1087) (cid:32)(cid:1090) (cid:45)(cid:1162) (cid:1)(cid:1091) (cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:28) (cid:31)(cid:41) (cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:31) (cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:1090) (cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:1087) (cid:1)(cid:1090) (cid:1175)(cid:20)(cid:1162)(cid:1092) (cid:36)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:24) (cid:41)(cid:36)(cid:28) (cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:47) (cid:30)(cid:32) (cid:28)(cid:45) (cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:50) (cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:20)(cid:36)(cid:47) (cid:30)(cid:35) (cid:42)(cid:31) (cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:28) (cid:32)(cid:50) (cid:1)(cid:1090)(cid:1176)(cid:28) (cid:1)(cid:8)(cid:39)(cid:1181) (cid:9)(cid:31)(cid:36) (cid:8)(cid:46) (cid:1)(cid:30) (cid:32)(cid:35) (cid:40)(cid:28) (cid:36)(cid:45) (cid:46)(cid:34) (cid:46)(cid:32) (cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:28) (cid:41)(cid:41) (cid:46)(cid:31) (cid:1)(cid:1175)(cid:1) (cid:4)(cid:30) (cid:28)(cid:42) (cid:47)(cid:41) (cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:46) (cid:1088)(cid:48) (cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:40) (cid:1090)(cid:1142)(cid:43) (cid:1)(cid:1092)(cid:47) (cid:1142)(cid:36) (cid:1)(cid:42) (cid:1093)(cid:41) (cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:1094)(cid:1) (cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:1088)(cid:1090)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:1088)(cid:1092)(cid:1176)(cid:1089)(cid:1) -- (cid:8)(cid:8) (cid:19)(cid:19) (cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:10) (cid:1090)(cid:1)(cid:1090) (cid:1087)(cid:1087) (cid:1093)(cid:1092) (cid:1162)(cid:1162) (cid:1090)(cid:1088) (cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:1) (cid:1090)(cid:5) (cid:1087)(cid:36)(cid:45) (cid:1093)(cid:32) (cid:1162)(cid:30) (cid:1091)(cid:47) (cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:8) (cid:41)(cid:45) (cid:31)(cid:32) (cid:1)(cid:32) (cid:1090)(cid:1087)(cid:41) (cid:1093)(cid:35) (cid:1162)(cid:42) (cid:1092)(cid:48) (cid:1)(cid:24)(cid:46)(cid:32) (cid:28)(cid:1) (cid:46)(cid:8) (cid:47)(cid:28) (cid:32)(cid:46) (cid:1)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:6) (cid:32)(cid:40) (cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:36)(cid:46) (cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:36) (cid:47)(cid:42) (cid:32)(cid:41) (cid:31)(cid:46) (cid:1)(cid:24)(cid:1)(cid:1175)(cid:20) (cid:28)(cid:30) (cid:46)(cid:42) (cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:43) (cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:1) (cid:36)(cid:1088) (cid:49)(cid:1176) (cid:32)(cid:1089) (cid:45)(cid:1) (cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:40)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:46)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:24)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:46)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1) -- (cid:8)(cid:8) (cid:19)(cid:19) (cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:10) (cid:1091)(cid:1)(cid:1090) (cid:1087)(cid:1087) (cid:1090)(cid:1092) (cid:1162)(cid:1162) (cid:1096)(cid:1089) (cid:1)(cid:24)(cid:1)(cid:10)(cid:41) (cid:42)(cid:31) (cid:45)(cid:38)(cid:36)(cid:45) (cid:1162)(cid:32) (cid:45)(cid:30) (cid:32)(cid:47) (cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:8) (cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:32) (cid:31)(cid:32) (cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41) (cid:41)(cid:35) (cid:37)(cid:48)(cid:42) (cid:45)(cid:48) (cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:46) (cid:46)(cid:32) (cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:8) (cid:41)(cid:28) (cid:31)(cid:46) (cid:1)(cid:1) (cid:28)(cid:6) (cid:29)(cid:40) (cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:36)(cid:46) (cid:41)(cid:46) (cid:47)(cid:36) (cid:32)(cid:42) (cid:32)(cid:41) (cid:36)(cid:46) (cid:46)(cid:1) (cid:40)(cid:1175)(cid:20) (cid:1)(cid:30) (cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:42) (cid:47)(cid:43) (cid:32)(cid:32) (cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:1089)(cid:1176)(cid:1089)(cid:1) -- (cid:8)(cid:8) (cid:19)(cid:19) (cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:10) (cid:1091)(cid:1)(cid:1090) (cid:1087)(cid:1087) (cid:1092)(cid:1092) (cid:1162)(cid:1162) (cid:1089)(cid:1090) (cid:1)(cid:19)(cid:1)(cid:16) (cid:28)(cid:47) (cid:47)(cid:35) (cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:32) (cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1) (cid:33)(cid:36) (cid:1)(cid:41) (cid:29)(cid:31) (cid:28)(cid:36) (cid:46)(cid:45) (cid:36)(cid:32) (cid:30)(cid:30) (cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:47) (cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:1175) (cid:39)(cid:20) (cid:28)(cid:36) (cid:45)(cid:34) (cid:52)(cid:41) (cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:33) (cid:41)(cid:36)(cid:30) (cid:31)(cid:28) (cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:41) (cid:32)(cid:47) (cid:40)(cid:1)(cid:20) (cid:48)(cid:30) (cid:41)(cid:42) (cid:32)(cid:43) (cid:45)(cid:32) (cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:1090) (cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:1176) (cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:8) (cid:41)(cid:9) (cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:8) (cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:1)(cid:32) (cid:42)(cid:40) (cid:40)(cid:36)(cid:46) (cid:32)(cid:46) (cid:41)(cid:36)(cid:42) (cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:41) (cid:42)(cid:46) (cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:1)(cid:1175)(cid:4) (cid:32)(cid:28) (cid:41)(cid:47) (cid:1)(cid:1141) (cid:1175)(cid:1) (cid:8)(cid:1088)(cid:1142) (cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:1090) (cid:41)(cid:1142) (cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:1092) (cid:32)(cid:1142) (cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:1093) (cid:1)(cid:17)(cid:1142)(cid:1) (cid:28)(cid:1094) (cid:52)(cid:1142)(cid:1) (cid:1)(cid:1088) (cid:8)(cid:1090) (cid:28)(cid:1) (cid:43)(cid:28)(cid:41) (cid:1176)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:1088)(cid:1092)(cid:1176)(cid:1089)(cid:1) - (cid:8)(cid:19)(cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:1090)(cid:1087)(cid:1093)(cid:1162)(cid:1090)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:1090)(cid:1087)(cid:1093)(cid:1162)(cid:1091)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:1090)(cid:1087)(cid:1093)(cid:1162)(cid:1092)(cid:1)(cid:24)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:24)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:40)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:46)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:24)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:46)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1) (cid:16)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)-(cid:46) (cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:8)(cid:30)(cid:19)(cid:32)(cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:1091)(cid:41)(cid:1087)(cid:1090)(cid:34)(cid:1162)(cid:28)(cid:1096)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:24)(cid:40)(cid:42)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:38)(cid:41)(cid:1162)(cid:47)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:51)(cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:39)(cid:48)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:37)(cid:47)(cid:48)(cid:35)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:46)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:31)(cid:29)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:33)(cid:41)(cid:42)(cid:47)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:40)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:41)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:8)(cid:10) s(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:48)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:21)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:43)(cid:43)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:1142)(cid:1) (cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:45)(cid:28) -(cid:30) (cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:8)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:19)(cid:41)(cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:1091)(cid:1)(cid:1087)(cid:28)(cid:1092)(cid:41)(cid:1162)(cid:52)(cid:1089)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:19)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:28)(cid:33)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:29)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:40)(cid:30)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:39)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:52)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:48)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:1141)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:42)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:1175)(cid:8)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:17)(cid:28)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:8)(cid:28)(cid:43)(cid:1176)(cid:1) (cid:1) L(cid:16)R(cid:48)Q(cid:45)A(cid:1)(cid:28) (cid:46)s(cid:46) r(cid:48)e(cid:45)s(cid:28)p(cid:41)o(cid:30)n(cid:32)s(cid:1)(cid:32)ib(cid:41)i(cid:34)li(cid:28)ty(cid:34) (cid:32)is(cid:40) o(cid:32)n(cid:41)l(cid:47)y(cid:1) (cid:32)t(cid:51)o(cid:30) (cid:39)(cid:23)(cid:48)(cid:8)(cid:31)(cid:10)(cid:32)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:13)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:19)(cid:35)(cid:18)(cid:32)(cid:2)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:31)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:28)(cid:30)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:36)(cid:31)(cid:40)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:28)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:45)(cid:52)(cid:40)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:29)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:41)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:45)(cid:8)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:10)(cid:32) s(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:42)(cid:43)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:29)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:42)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:41)(cid:52)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:31)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:35)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:49)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:51)(cid:42)(cid:43)(cid:48)(cid:39)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:21)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:35)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:35)(cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:41)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:50)(cid:42)(cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:39)(cid:41)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:42)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:1141)(cid:48)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:43)(cid:8)(cid:43)(cid:10)(cid:39)s(cid:36)(cid:32)  (cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:1142)(cid:1) (cid:45)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:42)(cid:46)(cid:41)(cid:43)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:30)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:29)(cid:42)(cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:52)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:41)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:45)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:42)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:45)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:30)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:45)(cid:34)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:1142)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:34)(cid:40)(cid:34)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:34)(cid:31)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:35)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:52)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:43)(cid:34)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:41)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1) (cid:40)(cid:1) (cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:33)(cid:33)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:39)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:52)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:40)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:22)(cid:39)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:43)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1) (cid:29)L(cid:52)R(cid:1142)Q(cid:1)(cid:28)A(cid:41) (cid:31)s(cid:1) (cid:45)r(cid:32)e(cid:40)sp(cid:28)o(cid:36)(cid:41)n(cid:46)s(cid:1)i(cid:47)b(cid:35)i(cid:32)li(cid:1)t(cid:45)y(cid:32) (cid:46)i(cid:43)s (cid:42)o(cid:41)n(cid:46)l(cid:36)y(cid:29) (cid:36)t(cid:39)o(cid:36)(cid:47) (cid:52)(cid:23)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:8)(cid:33)(cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:1141)(cid:23)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:8)(cid:13)(cid:10)(cid:19)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:18)(cid:2)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:30)(cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:40)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:29)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:29)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:51)(cid:43)(cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:42)(cid:47)(cid:41)(cid:42)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:8)(cid:10)s  (cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:29)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:34)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1) L(cid:40)R(cid:28)Q(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:47)A(cid:28) (cid:36)(cid:41)s(cid:36) (cid:41)O(cid:34)p(cid:1)(cid:32)i(cid:33)n(cid:33)(cid:32)i(cid:30)o(cid:47)(cid:36)n(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:39)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:52)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:40)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:22)(cid:39)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:43)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1) (cid:3)(cid:29)(cid:28)(cid:52)(cid:46)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:28)(cid:31)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:31)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:13)(cid:40)(cid:19)(cid:18)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:2)(cid:41) (cid:46)s(cid:1) (cid:47)a(cid:35)p(cid:32)p(cid:1)(cid:45)ro(cid:32)(cid:46)a(cid:43)ch(cid:42) (cid:41)n(cid:46)o(cid:36)(cid:29)th(cid:36)(cid:39)i(cid:36)n(cid:47)(cid:52)g(cid:1) (cid:42)h(cid:33)a(cid:1)(cid:23)s (cid:8)co(cid:10)(cid:1141)m(cid:1) e to our attention that would cause us to believe that(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:8)(cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:41)(cid:42)(cid:47)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:1143)(cid:1) (cid:1)   (cid:14)(cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:44)(cid:48)(cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:29)(cid:42)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:1) LRQ A  s(cid:4) O(cid:42)(cid:49)p(cid:32)i(cid:45)n(cid:32)(cid:31)io(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:39)n(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:40)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:38)(cid:32)(cid:35)(cid:42)(cid:39)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:28)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:1141)(cid:1) (cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:32) (cid:31) (cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:5)(cid:13)(cid:19)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:18)(cid:30)(cid:39)(cid:2)(cid:42) (cid:46)s(cid:32) a(cid:31)p(cid:1)(cid:45)p(cid:32)r(cid:39)o(cid:36)(cid:28)a(cid:29)c(cid:39)h(cid:32) (cid:1)n(cid:43)o(cid:32)(cid:45)t(cid:33)h(cid:42)in(cid:45)(cid:40)g (cid:28)h(cid:41)a(cid:30)s(cid:32) c(cid:1)(cid:31)om(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:28)e(cid:1) (cid:28)to(cid:41) (cid:31)o(cid:1)u(cid:36)(cid:41)r (cid:33)a(cid:42)t(cid:45)t(cid:40)en(cid:28)t(cid:47)i(cid:36)o(cid:42)n(cid:41) (cid:1)t(cid:28)h(cid:46)a(cid:1)(cid:41)t(cid:42) w(cid:1)(cid:32)o(cid:45)u(cid:45)(cid:42)ld(cid:45)(cid:46) c(cid:1)(cid:42)a(cid:45)u(cid:1)(cid:42)se(cid:40) u(cid:36)(cid:46)s(cid:46) t(cid:36)(cid:42)o(cid:41) b(cid:46)e(cid:1)(cid:50)li(cid:32)e(cid:45)v(cid:32)e(cid:1) (cid:31)th(cid:32)a(cid:47)(cid:32)t(cid:30)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:47)(cid:8)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:41)(cid:42)(cid:47)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:1143)(cid:1) (cid:1)   (cid:14)(cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:44)(cid:48)(cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:29)(cid:42)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:1) (cid:21)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:42) (cid:43) (cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:4)(cid:41)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:51)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:28)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:40)(cid:48)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:35)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:40)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:43)(cid:46)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:33)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:42)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:35)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:38)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:35)(cid:39)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:39)(cid:33)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:31)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:28)(cid:31)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:40)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:39)(cid:1141)(cid:36)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:37)(cid:48)(cid:31)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1) (cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:1)   (cid:5)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:30)(cid:39)(cid:42)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:29)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:41)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:40)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1) (cid:1) (cid:1) (cid:15)(cid:21)(cid:42)(cid:35)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:1143)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:21)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:36)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:51)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:51)(cid:41)(cid:43)(cid:47)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:42)(cid:46)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:41)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:30)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:1162)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:28)(cid:31)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:41)(cid:35)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:42)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:42)(cid:47)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:28)(cid:49)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:42)(cid:32)(cid:33)(cid:49)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:42)(cid:48)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:30)(cid:48)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:40)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:45)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:41)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:52)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:36)(cid:1)(cid:34)(cid:43)(cid:35)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:33)(cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:37)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:48)(cid:31)(cid:45)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:40)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1) (cid:32)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:33)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:35)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:41)(cid:36)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:1141)(cid:14)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:30)(cid:48)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:34)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:35)(cid:52)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:38)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:42)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:1) (cid:4)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:44)(cid:48)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:29)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:42)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:29)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:42)(cid:50)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:1) (cid:50)(cid:42)(cid:48)(cid:39)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:29)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:34)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1141)(cid:1) (cid:15)(cid:42)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1143)(cid:1)(cid:21)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:51)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1162)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:42)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:34)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1) (cid:1) (cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:14)(cid:42)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:30)(cid:48)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:34)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:35)(cid:52)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:38)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:42)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:1) (cid:4)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:44)(cid:48)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:29)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:42)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:29)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:42)(cid:50)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:1) (cid:50)(cid:42)(cid:48)(cid:39)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:29)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:34)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1141)(cid:1) (cid:1) (cid:1) (cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1) (cid:1) (cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:1088)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:47)(cid:47)(cid:43)(cid:46)(cid:1143)(cid:1181)(cid:1181)(cid:50)(cid:50)(cid:50)(cid:1141)(cid:34)(cid:39)(cid:42)(cid:29)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1141)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:34)(cid:1) (cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:1089)(cid:1)(cid:8)(cid:9)(cid:8)(cid:1)(cid:44)(cid:48)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:29)(cid:37)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:48)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1141)(cid:1) (cid:1) (cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1162)(cid:1) 156 .
(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:1088)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:47)(cid:47)(cid:43)(cid:46)(cid:1143)(cid:1181)(cid:1181)(cid:50)V(cid:50)G(cid:50)I(cid:1141) (cid:34)P(cid:39)u(cid:42)b(cid:29)l(cid:28)ic(cid:39)(cid:45) (cid:32)C(cid:43)o(cid:42)m(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:36)p(cid:41)a(cid:34)n(cid:1141)(cid:42)y(cid:45) (cid:34)L(cid:1)imited (cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:1089)(cid:1)(cid:8)(cid:9)(cid:8)(cid:1)(cid:44)(cid:48)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:29)(cid:37)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:48)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1141)(cid:1) .
(cid:13)(cid:19)(cid:18)(cid:2) s approach(cid:1) LRQA s assurance engagements are carried out(cid:1)(cid:48)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:2)(cid:2)(cid:1088)(cid:1087)(cid:1087)(cid:1087)(cid:2)(cid:20)(cid:1)(cid:49)(cid:1090)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:21)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:42)(cid:50)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:38)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:42)(cid:48)(cid:34)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:48)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:38)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1) (cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1143)(cid:1)   (cid:2)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:8)(cid:10) s approach to stakeholder engagement to confirm that issues raised by stakeholders were captured correctly.
(cid:24)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:50)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:8)(cid:10) s management who engage consolidate data and information as well as reviewing (cid:31)(cid:42)(cid:30)(cid:48)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:1) (cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:42)(cid:30)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:31)(cid:46)(cid:1141)(cid:1)   Reviewing  s process for identifying and determining material issues to confirm that the right issues were included in their (cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:24)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:46)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:48)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:40)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:48)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:8)(cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:38)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:48)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:1) (cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:43)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:48)(cid:41)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:29)(cid:48)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:50)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:31)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:29)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:42)(cid:43)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1141)(cid:1)   (cid:2)(cid:48)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:8)(cid:10) s(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:52)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:40)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:41)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:34)(cid:41)(cid:36)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1162)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:1141)(cid:1) (cid:24)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:50)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:33)(cid:33)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:45)(cid:48)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:52)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:46)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:39)(cid:48)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:42)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1) (cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:24)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:46)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:38)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:42)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:38)(cid:32)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:42)(cid:43)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:29)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:40)(cid:43)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:33)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:1141)(cid:1)   (cid:20)(cid:28)(cid:40)(cid:43)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:8)(cid:10) s head office in Bangkok to confirm the reliability of the selected (cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1) (cid:46)(cid:42)(cid:30)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:21)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:51)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:28)(cid:40)(cid:43)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:33)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:43)(cid:43)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1141)(cid:1) (cid:1) (cid:16)(cid:29)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:49)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:1) (cid:7)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:29)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:49)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:46)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1143)(cid:1)   (cid:20)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:38)(cid:32)(cid:35)(cid:42)(cid:39)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:39)(cid:48)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1143)(cid:1)We are not aware of any key stakeholder groups that have been excluded from VGI s stakeholder (cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:8)(cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:43)(cid:43)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:51)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:52)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:51)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:38)(cid:32)(cid:35)(cid:42)(cid:39)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:45) s(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:31)(cid:31)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:1) about how VGI s operations may impact on.
(cid:1)   (cid:14)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1143)(cid:1)We are not aware of any material issues concerning VGI s sustainability performance that have been excluded (cid:33)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:40)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:8)(cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:33)(cid:52)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:40)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:48)(cid:41)(cid:29)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1) (cid:44)(cid:48)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:40)(cid:43)(cid:28)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:49)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:48)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1141)(cid:1)   (cid:19)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:1143)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:8)(cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:31)(cid:31)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:38)(cid:32)(cid:35)(cid:42)(cid:39)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:8)(cid:9)(cid:8)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:1) (cid:16)(cid:9)(cid:1086)(cid:20)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:1)   (cid:10)(cid:40)(cid:43)(cid:28)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:1143)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:8)(cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:48)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:40)(cid:43)(cid:28)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:6)(cid:20)(cid:8)(cid:1)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:34)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:34)(cid:41)(cid:36)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:40)(cid:43)(cid:28)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:1)   (cid:19)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:29)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1143)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:5)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:52)(cid:46)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:42)(cid:30)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:1) (cid:1) (cid:1) LRQA s standards, competence and independence(cid:1) (cid:13)(cid:19)(cid:18)(cid:2)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:43)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:44)(cid:48)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:31)(cid:48)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:44)(cid:48)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:51)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:21)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:48)(cid:47)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:1) (cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:50)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:43)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:28)(cid:30)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:43)(cid:43)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1) (cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:34)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:48)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:43)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1141)(cid:1) (cid:1) (cid:21)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:21)(cid:8)(cid:16)(cid:1162)(cid:4)(cid:7)(cid:16)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:38)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:48)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:38)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:13)(cid:19)(cid:18)(cid:2)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:8)(cid:10)(cid:1)(cid:17)(cid:22)(cid:3)(cid:13)(cid:10)(cid:4)(cid:1)(cid:4)(cid:16)(cid:14)(cid:17)(cid:2)(cid:15)(cid:26)(cid:1)(cid:13)(cid:10)(cid:14)(cid:10)(cid:21)(cid:6)(cid:5)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:30)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:42)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1) (cid:41)(cid:42)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:40)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:40)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:40)(cid:43)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:1) (cid:1) (cid:1) (cid:5)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1143)(cid:1)(cid:1088)(cid:1089)(cid:1)(cid:11)(cid:48)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:1089)(cid:1087)(cid:1089)(cid:1091) (cid:16)(cid:43)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:4)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:28)(cid:1) (cid:13)(cid:19)(cid:18)(cid:2)(cid:1)(cid:13)(cid:32)(cid:28)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:23)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:1) (cid:16)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:32)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:13)(cid:19)(cid:18)(cid:2)(cid:1)(cid:1175)(cid:21)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1176)(cid:1)(cid:13)(cid:47)(cid:31)(cid:1141)(cid:1) (cid:15)(cid:42)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:1089)(cid:1092)(cid:1089)(cid:1181)(cid:1088)(cid:1089)(cid:1090)(cid:1)(cid:1175)(cid:4)(cid:1176)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:14)(cid:48)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1)(cid:21)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:1) (cid:1)(cid:17)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:4)(cid:42)(cid:40)(cid:43)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:51)(cid:1)(cid:21)(cid:42)(cid:50)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:3)(cid:1141)(cid:1) (cid:1089)(cid:1093)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:39)(cid:42)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:19)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:30)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:43)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:38)(cid:1)(cid:19)(cid:42)(cid:28)(cid:31)(cid:1141)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:9)(cid:48)(cid:28)(cid:52)(cid:12)(cid:50)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:38)(cid:42)(cid:38)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:1088)(cid:1087)(cid:1090)(cid:1088)(cid:1087)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:21)(cid:9)(cid:2)(cid:10)(cid:13)(cid:2)(cid:15)(cid:5)(cid:1) (cid:13)(cid:19)(cid:18)(cid:2)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:33)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1143)(cid:1)(cid:3)(cid:8)(cid:12)(cid:1087)(cid:1087)(cid:1087)(cid:1087)(cid:1087)(cid:1088)(cid:1087)(cid:1095)(cid:1088)(cid:1) (cid:13)(cid:19)(cid:18)(cid:2)(cid:1)(cid:8)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:48)(cid:43)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:40)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:33)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:39)(cid:48)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:13)(cid:19)(cid:18)(cid:2)(cid:1)(cid:1175)(cid:21)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1176)(cid:1)(cid:13)(cid:36)(cid:40)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:29)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:33)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:43)(cid:39)(cid:42)(cid:52)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:1142)(cid:1) (cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:31)(cid:48)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:33)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:48)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:1150)(cid:13)(cid:19)(cid:18)(cid:2)(cid:1150)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:13)(cid:19)(cid:18)(cid:2)(cid:1)(cid:8)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:48)(cid:43)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:40)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:41)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:29)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:39)(cid:1)(cid:41)(cid:42)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:29)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:52)(cid:1) (cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:42)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:28)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:51)(cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:48)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:31)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:31)(cid:42)(cid:30)(cid:48)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:42)(cid:50)(cid:46)(cid:42)(cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:31)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1142)(cid:1)(cid:48)(cid:41)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:1) (cid:43)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:34)(cid:41)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:32)(cid:49)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:13)(cid:19)(cid:18)(cid:2)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:31)(cid:49)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:29)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1) (cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:28)(cid:29)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:51)(cid:30)(cid:39)(cid:48)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:40)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:31)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:46)(cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:48)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:30)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:30)(cid:47)(cid:1141)(cid:1) (cid:21)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:6)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:33)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:2)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:20)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:49)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:13)(cid:19)(cid:18)(cid:2)(cid:1)(cid:8)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:48)(cid:43)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:40)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:28)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:41)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:29)(cid:36)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:33)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:49)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:36)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:46)(cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1) (cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:34)(cid:48)(cid:28)(cid:34)(cid:32)(cid:46)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:1) (cid:21)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:2)(cid:46)(cid:46)(cid:48)(cid:45)(cid:28)(cid:41)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:20)(cid:47)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:40)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:49)(cid:28)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:43)(cid:48)(cid:29)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:46)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:35)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:19)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:42)(cid:45)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:47)(cid:42)(cid:1)(cid:50)(cid:35)(cid:36)(cid:30)(cid:35)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:33)(cid:32)(cid:45)(cid:46)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:10)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:40)(cid:28)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:42)(cid:41)(cid:39)(cid:52)(cid:1)(cid:29)(cid:32)(cid:1)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:43)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:31)(cid:48)(cid:30)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:41)(cid:1)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:46)(cid:1)(cid:32)(cid:41)(cid:47)(cid:36)(cid:45)(cid:32)(cid:47)(cid:52)(cid:1141)(cid:1) (cid:4)(cid:42)(cid:43)(cid:52)(cid:45)(cid:36)(cid:34)(cid:35)(cid:47)(cid:1)(cid:1206)(cid:1)(cid:13)(cid:19)(cid:18)(cid:2)(cid:1)(cid:8)(cid:45)(cid:42)(cid:48)(cid:43)(cid:1)(cid:39)(cid:36)(cid:40)(cid:36)(cid:47)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:1)(cid:1089)(cid:1087)(cid:1089)(cid:1091)(cid:1141)(cid:1)(cid:1) SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 157 (cid:1) (cid:1) .
158 VGI Public Company Limited 6.4   (SURVEY OF READERS  OPINION)   2566/67   Your views and suggestions toward the 2023/24 Sustainability Report will be utilised to improve our future reporting.
1.
(Please specify your personal information)   (Gender) [ ]   (Female) [ ]   (Male)   (Age) [ ]   30   (Lower than 30 years) [ ] 30   45   (30-45 years) [ ]   45   (More than 45 years) 2.
(Please specify your relationship with VGI) [ ]   /   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   (Shareholder / Investor) (Customer) (Supplier) (Government Agency) [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   (Media) (Employee) (Communities) [ ]     ( ).................................................
(Other   please specify) 3.
2566/67 (Please rate your satisfaction for the presentation of 2023/24 Sustainability Report)   (Content Completeness) [ ]   (High) [ ]   (Medium) [ ]   (Low)   (Reporting Topics/Issues) [ ]   (High) [ ]   (Medium) [ ]   (Low)   (Ease of Understanding) [ ]   (High) [ ]   (Medium) [ ]   (Low)   (Report Design) [ ]   (High) [ ]   (Medium) [ ]   (Low)   (Overall Satisfaction) [ ]   (High) [ ]   (Medium) [ ]   (Low) 4.
(Please rate your interest for each chapter)   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   (Materiality Assessment of VGI) (High) (Medium) (Low) (Uninterested)   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   (Stakeholders Engagement) (High) (Medium) (Low) (Uninterested)   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   (Sustainable Development Policy and Targets) (High) (Medium) (Low) (Uninterested)   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   (Corporate Governance and Business Conduct) (High) (Medium) (Low) (Uninterested)   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   (Risk and Crisis Management) (High) (Medium) (Low) (Uninterested)   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   (Supply Chain Management) (High) (Medium) (Low) (Uninterested)   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   (Innovation) (High) (Medium) (Low) (Uninterested)   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   (Information Security and Data Privacy) (High) (Medium) (Low) (Uninterested)   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   (Customer Relationship Management) (High) (Medium) (Low) (Uninterested)   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   (Human Resources Development and Well-Being) (High) (Medium) (Low) (Uninterested)   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   (Human Rights) (High) (Medium) (Low) (Uninterested)   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   (Social and Community Development) (High) (Medium) (Low) (Uninterested)   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   (Occupational Health and Safety) (High) (Medium) (Low) (Uninterested)   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   (Responsibility of Content) (High) (Medium) (Low) (Uninterested)   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   (Climate and Energy Strategy) (High) (Medium) (Low) (Uninterested)   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   (Waste Management) (High) (Medium) (Low) (Uninterested)   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   [ ]   (Sustainability Performance Results of VGI) (High) (Medium) (Low) (Uninterested) 5.
Please provide other comments or suggestions to improve the next Sustainability Report ...........................................................................................................................................................................................
...........................................................................................................................................................................................
VGI   VGI greatly appreciates your valuable feedback.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 159   1               2           S&P Global (  Top 1%)                    :         ( )   21   9             10900  : +66 (0) 2273 8884  : companysecretary@vgi.
co.
th   Thailand Top                 Corporate Brand Hall of Fame                       2023   (CAC)   2560   2566   8       5                           Please mail this survey to:             Company Secretary Division     VGI Public Company Limited     21 TST Tower, 9th Floor, Viphavadi-Rangsit Road,   Chomphon, Chatuchak, Bangkok 10900 Telephone Number: +66 (0) 2273 8884 Email: companysecretary@vgi.
co.
th                     SET100        AA     SET ESG Rating   -   MSCI Small Cap      4         2566 2567   Morgan Stanley Capital     International (MSCI) index   3   Carbon Neutral     ( )   2     Y E A R S AND GROWING THE WORLD S MOST SUSTAINABLE MEDIA COMPANY VGI PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED 21 TST TOWER, 9TH FLOOR, VIPHAVADI-RANGSIT ROAD, CHOMPHON, CHATUCHAK, BANGKOK 10900 THAILAND TEL.
+66 (0) 2273 8884 FAX.
+66 (0) 2273 8883   2566/67 WWW.
VGI.
CO.
TH SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023/24       ( )   2566/67 SINCE 2022
